deutsch|human/duty|musieť|müssen/muss/musste/müssen|True|False
deutsch|human/duty|môcť|können/kann/konnte/können|True|False
deutsch|human/duty|chcieť|wollen/will/wollte/wollen|True|False
deutsch|human/duty|mať povinnosť|sollen/soll/sollte/sollen|True|False
deutsch|human/duty|prinútiť|bewegen/bewog/bewogen|False|False
deutsch|human/duty|zamietnuť|verwerfen/verwirft/verwarf/verworfen|False|False
deutsch|human/duty|obmedziť|einschränken|True|False
deutsch|human/duty|môcť|mögen/mag/mochte/mögen|True|False
deutsch|human/duty|umožniť|ermöglichen|False|True
deutsch|human/duty|smieť|dürfen/darf/durfte/dürfen|True|False
deutsch|human/duty|potrebovať|bedürfen/bedarf/bedurfte/bedurft|False|True
deutsch|human/duty|schváliť|genehmigen|True|False
deutsch|human/duty|zamedziť|unterbinden/unterband/unterbunden|False|False
deutsch|human/duty|zazlievať|verdenken/verdachte/verdacht|False|False
deutsch|human/duty|dovoliť|erlauben|True|False
deutsch|human/duty|povolenie|e Erlaubnis/se|False|True
deutsch|human/duty|zdráhať sa|weigern sich|True|False
deutsch|human/duty|odoprieť|verweigern|False|True
deutsch|human/duty|rozkázať|befehlen/befahl/befohlen|True|False
deutsch|human/duty|rozkaz|r Befehl/e|False|True
deutsch|human/duty|ponúknuť|bieten/bot/geboten|True|False
deutsch|human/duty|ponúknuť|anbieten/bot/angeboten|False|True
deutsch|human/duty|vyžadovať|gebieten/gebot/geboten|False|True
deutsch|human/duty|zakázať|verbieten/verbot/verboten|True|False
deutsch|human/duty|zákaz|s Verbot/e|False|True
deutsch|human/duty|zakázaný|verboten|False|True
deutsch|human/duty|zakázať|untersagen|False|False
deutsch|human/duty|povinnosť|e Pflicht/en|True|False
deutsch|human/duty|povinný|Pflicht-|False|True
deutsch|human/duty|záväzok|e Verpflichtung/en|False|True
deutsch|human/duty|zaväzovať|verpflichten (zu)|False|True
deutsch|human/duty|výsada|s Vorrecht/e|False|False
deutsch|human/duty|nechať|lassen/lässt/liess/gelassen|True|False
deutsch|human/duty|povoliť|zulassen/lässt/liess/zugelassen|False|True
deutsch|human/duty|zabrániť|verhindern|True|False
deutsch|human/duty|ovládať|beherrschen|True|False
deutsch|human/duty|podvoliť|nachgeben/gibt/gab/nachgegeben|False|False
deutsch|human/honor|úcta|e Achtung|True|False
deutsch|human/honor|dôstojnosť|e Würde|False|False
deutsch|human/honor|vďačnosť|r Dank|True|False
deutsch|human/honor|ďakujem|danke (für)|False|True
deutsch|human/honor|ďakovať|danken|False|True
deutsch|human/honor|poďakovať sa|bedanken sich (für)|False|True
deutsch|human/honor|pozdravovať|entbieten/entbot/entboten|False|False
deutsch|human/honor|prosím|bitte|True|False
deutsch|human/honor|zdvorilý|höflich|False|False
deutsch|human/honor|zdvorilosť|e Höflichkeit|False|True
deutsch|human/honor|poslušný|gehorsam + brav|True|False
deutsch|human/honor|slušnosť|e Anständigkeit|False|False
deutsch|human/honor|bezočivosť|e Dreistigkeit/en|False|False
deutsch|human/honor|slušný|anständig|False|False
deutsch|human/honor|vzdorovitý|aufsässig|False|False
deutsch|human/honor|úctyhodný|achtbar|False|False
deutsch|human/honor|urodzený|erlaucht|False|False
deutsch|human/honor|dôstojný|würdevoll|False|False
deutsch|human/honor|ponížiť|erniedrigen|False|False
deutsch|human/honor|drzý|frech|True|False
deutsch|human/honor|drzosť|e Frechheit|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|tu (smer)|her|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|tam (smer)|hin|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|preč|weg + fort|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|vpred|vorwärts|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|vzad|rückwärts|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|naspäť|zurück|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|von|heraus|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|priamo|geradeaus|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|hore|bergauf|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|dole|bergab|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|kto|wer|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|čo|was|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|prečo|warum|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|načo|wozu|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|ako to že|wieso|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|ako|wie|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|s čím|womit|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|s tým|damit|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|beztak|sowieso|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|už|schon|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|ešte|noch|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|príliš|zu|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|sotva|kaum|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|takmer|fast|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|skoro|nahezu|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|iba|nur|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|len|bloss|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|dosť|genug|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|skutočne|wirklich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|pomerne|ziemlich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|veľmi|sehr|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|trochu|bisschen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|vôbec|gar + überhaupt|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|samozrejme|natürlich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|obzvlášť|besonders|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|akokoľvek|wie auch immer|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|niekto|jemand|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|nikto|niemand|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|všetko/všetci|all + sämtlich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|nič|nichts|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|niečo|etwas|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|voľačo|irgendetwas|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|hocaký|irgendein|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|oba|beide|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|žiadny|kein|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|nijaký|keinerlei|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|rozličný|allerlei|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|všelijaký|mancherlei|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|každý|jede|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|taký|solche|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|nejaký|einige|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|niekoľko|etliche|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|oný|jene|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|niektorý|manche|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|akýkoľvek|jegliche|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|ktokoľvek|wer auch immer|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|čokoľvek|was auch immer|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|ibaže by|es sei denn|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|takpovediac|sozusagen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|približne|ungefähr|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|presne|genau|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|asi|wohl + etwa|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|síce|wohl|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|radšej|lieber|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|vlastne|eigentlich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|bohužiaľ|leider|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|proti tomu|dagegen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|v každom prípade|jedenfalls|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|na ceste|unterwegs|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|odhadom|schätzungsweise|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|postupne|nach und nach|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|mimochodom|übrigens|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|najmenej|mindestens|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|takmer|beinahe|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|od seba|auseinander|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|naposledy|zuletzt|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|v dnešnej dobe|heutzutage|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|najskôr/najbližšie|zunächst|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|zatiaľ|zunächst|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|kedysi|einst|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|medzitým|inzwischen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|väčšinou|meistens|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/prislovky|obzvlášť|äusserst|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/nicenie|poškodiť|beschädigen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/nicenie|pokaziť|verderben/verdirbt/verdarb/verdorben|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/nicenie|zbabrať|vermasseln|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/nicenie|zbabrať|verpfuschen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/nicenie|pokaziť|verbocken|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/nicenie|roztrhať|zerfetzen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/nicenie|trhať|rupfen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/nicenie|vytrhať|ausrupfen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/nicenie|roztrhaný|zerlumpt|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/nicenie|poškodenie|e Beschädigung/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/nicenie|ničenie|e Vernichtung/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/nicenie|potopiť|versenken|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/nicenie|spustošiť|verwüsten|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/nicenie|stroskotať|scheitern|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/nicenie|škodiť|schaden|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/nicenie|odškodniť|entschädigen (für)|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/nicenie|škoda|r Schaden/ä|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/nicenie|spráchnivieť|vermodern|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/nicenie|spráchnivený|mulmig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/nicenie|hniloba|r Moder|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/nicenie|hnitie|e Verwesung|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/nicenie|zmariť|vereiteln|False|False
chinese|živé telo/thinking|hlúpy|傻 [shǎ]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/thinking|sprostý|笨 [bèn]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/thinking|nezmysel|胡说 [húshuō]|False|False
deutsch|culture/media|Bulbasaur|Bisasam|False|False
deutsch|culture/media|Charmander|Glumanda|False|False
deutsch|culture/media|Charizard|Glurak|False|False
deutsch|culture/media|Squirtle|Schiggy|False|False
deutsch|culture/media|Ekans|Rettan|False|False
deutsch|culture/media|Geodude|Kleinstein|False|False
deutsch|culture/media|Gastly|Nebulak|False|False
deutsch|culture/media|Cubone|Tragosso|False|False
deutsch|culture/media|Koffing|Smogon|False|False
deutsch|culture/media|Chikorita|Endivie|False|False
deutsch|culture/media|Cyndaquil|Feurigel|False|False
deutsch|culture/media|Totodile|Karnimani|False|False
deutsch|culture/media|Skarmory|Panzaeron|False|False
deutsch|culture/media|šmolko|r Schlumpf/ü-e|False|False
deutsch|culture/media|šmolinka|Schlumpfine|False|False
deutsch|culture/media|mudroš|Schlaubi|False|False
deutsch|culture/media|hundroš|Muffi|False|False
deutsch|economy/media|príbeh|e Geschichte/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/media|rozprávka|s Märchen|True|False
deutsch|economy/media|povesť|e Mär/en|False|True
deutsch|economy/media|reklama|e Werbung/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/media|noviny|e Zeitung/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/media|časopis|e Zeitschrift/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/media|záložka|s Lesezeichen|False|False
deutsch|economy/media|brak(kniha)|r Schmöker|False|False
deutsch|economy/media|knižnica|e Bibliothek/en + e Bücherei/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/media|kníhkupectvo|e Buchhandlung/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/media|vydavateľstvo|r Verlag/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/media|spisovateľ|r Schriftsteller|True|False
deutsch|economy/media|vydavateľ|r Herausgeber + r Verleger|True|False
deutsch|economy/media|novinár|r Journalist/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/media|knihovník|r Bibliothekar|False|False
deutsch|economy/media|kníhkupec|r Buchhändler|False|False
deutsch|economy/media|príbeh|e Geschichte/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/media|dej|e Handlung/en|False|False
deutsch|economy/media|žáner|e Gattung/en|False|False
deutsch|economy/media|rozprávač|r Erzähler|False|False
deutsch|economy/media|trhák|r Knüller|False|False
deutsch|economy/media|denník|s Tagebuch/ü-er|True|False
chinese|economy/war|vojna|战争 [zhànzhēng]|False|False
chinese|economy/war|prímerie|停战 [tíngzhàn]|False|False
chinese|economy/war|mier|和平 [hépíng]|False|False
chinese|economy/war|armáda|军队 [jūnduì]|False|False
chinese|economy/war|vojak|军人 [jūnrén]|False|False
chinese|economy/war|námorníctvo|海军 [hǎijūn]|False|False
chinese|economy/war|letectvo|空军 [kōngjūn]|False|False
chinese|economy/war|generál|将军 [jiāngjūn]|False|False
chinese|economy/war|bojovník|战士 [zhànshì]|False|False
chinese|economy/war|lietadlo|飞机 [fēijī]|False|False
chinese|economy/war|stíhačka|歼击机 [jiānjījī]|False|False
chinese|economy/war|vrtuľník|直升机 [zhíshēngjī]|False|False
chinese|economy/war|zbraň|武器 [wǔqì]|False|False
chinese|economy/war|meč|剑 [jiàn]|False|False
chinese|economy/war|luk|弓 [gōng]|False|False
chinese|economy/war|oštep|矛 [máo]|False|False
chinese|economy/war|delo|炮 [pào]|False|False
chinese|economy/war|mína|地雷 [dìléi]|False|False
chinese|economy/war|tank|坦克 [tǎnkè]|False|False
chinese|economy/war|granát|榴弹 [liúdàn] + 手雷 [shǒuléi]|False|False
chinese|economy/war|strieľať|射 [shè]|False|False
chinese|economy/war|pištoľ|手枪 [shǒuqiāng]|False|False
chinese|economy/war|strelná zbraň|枪 [qiāng]|False|False
chinese|economy/war|náboj|弹 [dàn]|False|False
chinese|economy/war|raketa|导弹 [dǎodàn]|False|False
chinese|economy/war|bomba|炸弹 [zhàdàn]|False|False
chinese|economy/war|útočiť|攻击 [gōngjī]|False|False
chinese|economy/war|bojovať|战斗 [zhàndòu]|False|False
chinese|economy/war|brániť|保卫 [bǎowèi]|False|False
chinese|economy/war|chrániť|保护 [bǎohù]|False|False
chinese|economy/war|zvíťaziť|胜利 [shènglì]|False|False
chinese|economy/war|prehrať|失败 [shībài]|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odmena|odmena|e Belohnung/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odmena|zaslúžiť si|verdienen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odmena|odmeniť|belohnen (für)|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odmena|trest|e Strafe/n|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odmena|potrestanie|e Bestrafung/en|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odmena|potrestať|bestrafen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odmena|potrestať|ahnden|False|False
espanol|abstract/mnozstvo|hojný|abundante|False|False
espanol|abstract/mnozstvo|častý|frecuente|False|False
espanol|abstract/mnozstvo|bežný|corriente|False|False
espanol|abstract/mnozstvo|vzácny|precioso|False|False
espanol|abstract/mnozstvo|zvláštny|raro|False|False
espanol|abstract/mnozstvo|občasný|ocasional|False|False
espanol|abstract/mnozstvo|náhodný|casual|False|False
espanol|abstract/mnozstvo|zvyčajný|habitual|False|False
espanol|abstract/mnozstvo|dostatočný|suficiente|False|False
espanol|abstract/mnozstvo|rovnaký|igual|False|False
espanol|abstract/mnozstvo|iný|otro|False|False
espanol|abstract/mnozstvo|podobný|semejante|False|False
espanol|abstract/mnozstvo|málo|poco|False|False
espanol|abstract/mnozstvo|veľa|mucho|False|False
espanol|abstract/mnozstvo|často|a menudo|False|False
espanol|abstract/mnozstvo|niekedy|a veces|False|False
espanol|abstract/mnozstvo|náhle|de repente|False|False
espanol|abstract/mnozstvo|nič|nada|False|False
espanol|abstract/mnozstvo|všetko|todo|False|False
espanol|abstract/mnozstvo|každý|cada|False|False
espanol|abstract/mnozstvo|nikto|nadie|False|False
espanol|abstract/mnozstvo|niekto|alguien|False|False
espanol|abstract/mnozstvo|niečo|algo|False|False
espanol|abstract/mnozstvo|dosť|bastante|False|False
espanol|abstract/mnozstvo|priveľa|demasiado|False|False
espanol|abstract/mnozstvo|ten|eso/esa/ese|False|False
espanol|abstract/mnozstvo|tento|este/esta|False|False
espanol|abstract/mnozstvo|tamten|aquel/aquella|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/ichthyes|ryba|pez|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/ichthyes|raja|manta|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/ichthyes|žralok|tiburón|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/ichthyes|jeseter|esturión|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/ichthyes|sardela|anchoa|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/ichthyes|sleď|arenque|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/ichthyes|kapor|carpa|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/ichthyes|sumec|siluro|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/ichthyes|šťuka|lucio|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/ichthyes|losos|salmón|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/ichthyes|pstruh|trucha|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/ichthyes|tuniak|atún|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/ichthyes|makrela|caballa|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/ichthyes|morský koník|caballito de mar|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/ichthyes|zubáč|lucioperca|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/ichthyes|ostriež|perca|False|False
deutsch|economy/technology|prepnúť|schalten|False|False
deutsch|economy/technology|elektrický obvod|e Schaltung/en|False|True
deutsch|economy/technology|spínač|r Schalter|False|True
deutsch|economy/technology|práčka|e Waschmaschine/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/technology|chladnička|r Kühlschrank/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|economy/technology|vysávač|r Staubsauger|True|False
deutsch|economy/technology|žehlička|s Bügeleisen|True|False
deutsch|economy/technology|mikrovlnka|e Mikrowelle/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/technology|sporák|r Herd/e|False|False
deutsch|economy/technology|televízia|s Fernsehen|True|False
deutsch|economy/technology|televízor|r Fernseher + s Fernsehgerät/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/technology|rádio|s Radio/s|True|False
deutsch|economy/technology|žiarovka|e Glühlampe/n + e Glühbirne/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/technology|objímka žiarovky|e Fassung/en|False|False
deutsch|economy/technology|slabá lampa|e Funzel/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/technology|fotka|s Foto/s|True|False
deutsch|economy/technology|počítač|r Computer + r Rechner|True|False
deutsch|economy/technology|kalkulačka|r Taschenrechner|True|False
deutsch|economy/technology|klávesnica|e Tastatur/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/technology|telefón|s Telefon/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/technology|pozerať televíziu|fernsehen/sieht/sah/ferngesehen|True|False
deutsch|economy/technology|súbor|e Datei/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/technology|priečinok|r Ordner + s Verzeichnis/se|True|False
deutsch|economy/technology|stiahnuť|herunterladen/lädt/lud/heruntergeladen|True|False
deutsch|economy/technology|prihlásiť sa|anmelden|True|False
deutsch|economy/technology|prihlásenie|e Anmeldung/en|False|True
deutsch|economy/technology|odhlásiť sa|abmelden|True|False
deutsch|economy/technology|tlačiť|drucken|True|False
deutsch|economy/technology|uložiť|speichern|True|False
deutsch|economy/technology|vložiť|einfügen|True|False
deutsch|economy/technology|používateľ|r Anwender + r Nutzer + r Benutzer|True|False
deutsch|economy/technology|heslo|s Kennwort/ö-er + s Passwort/ö-er|True|False
deutsch|economy/technology|medzerník|e Leertaste/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/technology|slúchadlá|r Kopfhörer|True|False
deutsch|economy/technology|reproduktor|r Lautsprecher|True|False
deutsch|economy/technology|mobil|s Handy/s|True|False
deutsch|economy/technology|pevný disk|e Festplatte/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/technology|tlačiareň|r Drucker|True|False
deutsch|economy/technology|operačná pamäť|r Arbeitsspeicher|False|False
deutsch|economy/technology|aplikácia|e Anwendung/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/technology|standby režím|e Bereitschaft/en|False|False
deutsch|economy/technology|cyklus|e Schleife/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/technology|podmienka|e Bedingung/en|False|False
deutsch|economy/technology|podmienka|e Auswahl/en|False|False
deutsch|economy/technology|príkaz|e Anweisung/en|False|False
deutsch|economy/technology|enumerácia|e Aufzählung/en|False|False
deutsch|economy/technology|pole|e Reihung/en|False|False
deutsch|economy/technology|objekt|s Objekt/e|False|False
deutsch|economy/technology|premenná|e Variable/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/technology|konštanta|e Konstante/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/technology|rozlíšenie|e Auflösung|False|False
espanol|life/tajomstvo|skryť|esconder|False|False
espanol|life/tajomstvo|zakryť|encubrir|False|False
espanol|life/tajomstvo|skrývať|celar|False|False
espanol|life/tajomstvo|tajiť|ocultar|False|False
espanol|life/tajomstvo|zamaskovať|disfrazar (a)|False|False
espanol|life/tajomstvo|tajný|secreto|False|False
espanol|life/tajomstvo|skrytý|oculto|False|False
espanol|life/tajomstvo|skrytý|escondido|False|False
espanol|life/tajomstvo|skrytý|encubierto|False|False
deutsch|economy/household|nábytok|s Möbel|True|False
deutsch|economy/household|skriňa|r Schrank/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|economy/household|polica|s Regal/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/household|stôl|r Tisch/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/household|stolička|r Stuhl/ü-e|True|False
deutsch|economy/household|taburetka|r Schemel|False|False
deutsch|economy/household|kreslo|r Sessel|True|False
deutsch|economy/household|pohovka|s Sofa/s + e Couch/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/household|zásuvka/šuflík|e Schublade/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/household|lavica|e Bank/ä-e|False|False
deutsch|economy/household|operadlo|e Armlehne/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/household|posteľ|s Bett/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/household|vankúš|s Kissen|True|False
deutsch|economy/household|matrac|e Matratze/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/household|operadlo|e Lehne/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/household|paplón|s Deckbett/en + e Bettdecke/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/household|perina|s Federbett/en|False|False
deutsch|economy/household|posteľná plachta|s Laken + s Betttuch/ü-er|False|False
deutsch|economy/household|obliečky|r Bettbezug/ü-e|False|False
deutsch|economy/household|koberec|r Teppich/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/household|zrkadlo|r Spiegel|True|False
deutsch|economy/household|hodiny|e Uhr/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/household|luster|r Kronleuchter|False|False
deutsch|economy/household|pero|e Feder/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/household|papier|s Papier/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/household|atrament|e Tinte/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/household|ceruzka|r Stift/e + r Bleistift/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/household|strúhadlo|r Spitzer + r Bleistiftspitzer|True|False
deutsch|economy/household|zápisník|s Notizbuch/ü-er|True|False
deutsch|economy/household|zošit|s Heft/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/household|kružidlo|r Zirkel|False|False
deutsch|economy/household|fixka|r Filzstift/e|False|False
deutsch|economy/household|tuha|e Mine/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/household|pečiatka|r Stempel|True|False
deutsch|economy/household|obálka|r Umschlag/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|economy/household|poštová známka|e Briefmarke/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/household|dierkovačka|r Locher|False|False
deutsch|economy/household|zošívačka|r Hefter|False|False
deutsch|economy/household|plienka|e Windel/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/household|cumlík|r Schnuller|False|False
deutsch|economy/household|detský kočík|r Kinderwagen|False|False
deutsch|economy/household|fúrik|e Schubkarre|True|False
deutsch|economy/household|metla|r Besen|True|False
deutsch|economy/household|kosa|e Sense|True|False
deutsch|economy/household|kosák|e Sichel|False|False
deutsch|economy/household|lopata|e Schaufel + e Schippe|True|False
deutsch|economy/household|motyka|e Hacke + e Haue|False|False
deutsch|economy/household|rýľ|r Spaten|False|False
deutsch|economy/household|hrable|r Rechen + e Harke|False|False
deutsch|economy/household|vidly|e Heugabel + e Mistgabel|False|False
deutsch|economy/household|krhla|e Kanne|True|False
deutsch|economy/household|vedro|r Eimer + r Kübel|True|False
deutsch|economy/household|kvetináč|r Blumentopf|True|False
deutsch|economy/household|hadica|r Schlauch|True|False
deutsch|economy/household|bránka|e Pforte/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/household|plot|r Zaun|True|False
deutsch|economy/household|skleník|s Gewächshaus/ä-er|True|False
deutsch|economy/household|záhrada|r Garten|True|False
deutsch|economy/household|dvor|r Hof/ö-e|True|False
deutsch|economy/household|tráva|s Gras/ä-er|True|False
deutsch|economy/household|trávnik|r Rasen|True|False
deutsch|economy/household|burina|s Unkraut|True|False
deutsch|economy/household|záhon|s Beet/e|False|False
deutsch|economy/household|živý plot|e Hecke/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/household|ohorok|e Kippe/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|mach|苔藓 [táixiǎn]|True|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|praslička|r Schachtelhalm/e|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|lekno|睡莲 [shuìlián]|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|ľalia|e Lilie/n|True|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|tulipán|e Tulpe/n|True|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|orchidea|e Orchidee/n|True|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|narcis|e Narzisse/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|snežienka|s Schneeglöckchen|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|konvalinka|s Maiglöckchen|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|šafrán|r Safran/e|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|agáve|e Agave/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|aloe|e Aloe/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|dracéna|r Drachenbaum/ä-e|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|mak|罂粟 [yīngsù]|True|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|lotos|e Lotosblume/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|pivonka|e Pfingstrose/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|fialka|s Veilchen|True|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|ďatelina|r Klee|True|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|ruža|e Rose/n|True|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|žihľava|e Nessel/n|True|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|repík|r Odermennig/e|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|slez|e Malve/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|karafiát|e Nelke/n|True|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|opuncia|e Opuntie/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|prvosienka|e Schlüsselblume/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|rododendron|r/s Rhododendron/-dren|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|azalka|e Azalee/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|púpava|r Löwenzahn|True|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|nevädza|e Kornblume/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|slnečnica|e Sonnenblume/n|True|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|aksamietnica|e Tagetes|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|astra|e Aster/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|sedmokráska|s Gänseblümchen|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|rumanček|r Kamille/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|chryzantéma|e Chrysantheme/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|nechtík|e Ringelblume/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|podbeľ|r Huflattich/e|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|bodliak|e Distel/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|lopúch|e Klette/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|gerbera|e Gerbera|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|zvonček|e Glockenblume/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|rasca|r Kümmel|True|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|kôpor|r Dill|True|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|aníz|r Anis/e|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|koriander|r Koriander|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|fenikel|r Fenchel|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|ligurček|r/s Liebstöckel|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|bolehlav|r Schierling/e|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|bolševník|e Bärenklau|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|brečtan|r Efeu|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|nezábudka|s Vergissmeinnicht/e|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|kostihoj|r Beinwell/e|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|mäta|薄荷 [bòhe]|True|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|bazalka|罗勒 [luólè]|True|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|levanduľa|r Lavendel|True|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|šalvia|r/e Salbei|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|rozmarín|r Rosmarin|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|hluchavka|e Taubnessel/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/rastliny|skoroceľ|r Wegerich/e|False|False
russkiy|abstract/time|čas|вре́мя|False|False
russkiy|abstract/time|čas|пора́|False|False
russkiy|abstract/time|teraz|сейча́с + тепе́рь|False|False
russkiy|abstract/time|nikdy|никогда́|False|False
russkiy|abstract/time|vždy|всегда́|False|False
russkiy|abstract/time|niekedy|иногда́|False|False
russkiy|abstract/time|niekedy|поро́й|False|False
russkiy|abstract/time|občas|подча́с|False|False
russkiy|abstract/time|často|ча́сто|False|False
russkiy|abstract/time|chvíľa|миг|False|False
russkiy|abstract/time|rok|год|False|False
russkiy|abstract/time|deň|день|False|False
russkiy|abstract/time|noc|ночь|False|False
russkiy|abstract/time|ráno|утро|False|False
russkiy|abstract/time|večer|вечер|False|False
russkiy|abstract/time|dnes|сегодня|False|False
russkiy|abstract/time|včera|вчера|False|False
russkiy|abstract/time|zajtra|завтра|False|False
russkiy|abstract/time|predtým|до|False|False
russkiy|abstract/time|potom|после|False|False
russkiy|abstract/time|čoskoro|скоро|False|False
russkiy|abstract/time|hneď|немедленно|False|False
russkiy|abstract/time|okamžite|мгнове́нно|False|False
russkiy|abstract/time|neskôr|позже|False|False
russkiy|abstract/time|skôr|пораньше|False|False
russkiy|abstract/time|včas|вовремя|False|False
russkiy|abstract/time|náhle|вдруг|False|False
russkiy|abstract/time|už|уже|False|False
russkiy|abstract/time|ešte|еще|False|False
russkiy|abstract/time|opäť|снова|False|False
russkiy|abstract/time|čakať|ждать|False|False
russkiy|abstract/time|začať|начать|False|False
russkiy|abstract/time|skončiť|закончить|False|False
russkiy|abstract/time|pokračovať|продолжать|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|dobrý|gut|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|vynikajúci|hervorragend|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|zlý|schlecht + böse|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|dobre|wohl|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|veľmi dobre|sauwohl|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|krása|e Schönheit|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|pôvab|e Anmut|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|páčiť sa|gefallen/gefällt/gefiel/gefallen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|krášliť|zieren|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|malebný|pittoresk|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|pekný|hübsch|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|krásny|schön|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|nádherný|herrlich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|nádherný|wundervoll|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|prepychový|prunkvoll|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|skvostný|prächtig|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|vkusný|schick|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|prekrásny|wunderschön|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|úžasný|wunderbar|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|výborný|ausgezeichnet|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|výborný|vorzüglich|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|pôvabný|wundervoll|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|pôvabný|hold|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|zvodný|verführerisch|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|rozkošný|entzückend|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|pôvabný|anmutig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|úhľadný|adrett|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|pohodlný|bequem|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|prijemný|angenehm + gemütlich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|nepríjemný|mulmig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|škaredý|hässlich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|strašný|grässlich|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|hrozný|entsetzlich|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|ohavný|scheusslich|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|odporný|widerlich|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|mrzký|garstig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|hnusný|ek(e)lig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|ošarpaný|schäbig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|hrozný|furchtbar|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|odpudzujúci|gemein|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|fuj|igitt|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|dokonalosť|e Vollendung|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|perfektný|perfekt|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|skvelý|toll|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|vyzerať|aussehen/sieht/sah/ausgesehen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/estetika|vzhľad|s Aussehen|False|True
deutsch|abstract/movement|pohyb|e Bewegung/en|True|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|pád|r Fall/ä-e + r Sturz/ü-e|True|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|rýchlosť|e Geschwindigkeit/en|True|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|dovnútra|hinein|True|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|pohybovať|bewegen|True|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|tlačiť|schieben/schob/geschoben|True|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|posunúť|verschieben/verschob/verschoben|False|True
deutsch|abstract/movement|odsunúť|aufschieben/schob/aufgeschoben|False|True
deutsch|abstract/movement|vsunúť|einschieben/schob/eingeschoben|False|True
deutsch|abstract/movement|posun/vrh|r Schub/ü-e|False|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|vztýčiť|hissen|False|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|pritlačiť|quetschen|False|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|ťahať|ziehen/zog/gezogen|True|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|natiahnuť|aufziehen/zog/aufgezogen|False|True
deutsch|abstract/movement|stiahnuť|abziehen/zog/abgezogen|False|True
deutsch|abstract/movement|krúžiť|kreisen|True|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|točiť|drehen|False|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|otočiť|umdrehen|False|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|obrátiť|wenden/wandte/gewandt + umwenden/wandte/umgewandt + (um)kehren|False|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|prevrátiť|(um)kippen|False|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|prevrhnúť|umstürzen|False|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|nakloniť|neigen|False|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|kývať sa|wackeln|False|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|kývať sa (pravidelne)|pendeln|False|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|chvieť sa|zittern|False|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|hojdať|schaukeln|False|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|triasť|schütteln|False|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|kmitať|schwingen/schwang/geschwungen|False|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|stúpať|steigen/stieg/gestiegen|True|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|klesať|sinken/sank/gesunken|True|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|miešať|rühren|True|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|vraziť|stossen/stösst/stiess/gestossen|False|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|odraziť|abstossen/stösst/stiess/abgestossen|False|True
deutsch|abstract/movement|vyraziť|ausstossen/stösst/stiess/ausgestossen|False|True
deutsch|abstract/movement|trieť|reiben/rieb/gerieben|True|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|utrieť|ausreiben/rieb/ausgerieben|False|True
deutsch|abstract/movement|roztrieť|verreiben/verrieb/verrieben|False|True
deutsch|abstract/movement|zotrieť|auswischen|False|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|roztrieť|verstreichen|False|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|kĺzať|gleiten/glitt/geglitten|False|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|šmýkať sa|rutschen|True|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|zdvihnúť|hieven|False|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|navŕšiť|türmen|False|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|priniesť|bringen/brachte/gebracht|True|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|nosiť|tragen/trägt/trug/getragen|True|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|zhodiť|abwerfen/wirft/warf/abgeworfen|True|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|zhodiť|umstossen/stösst/stiess/umgestossen|False|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|hodiť|werfen/wirft/warf/geworfen|True|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|zhodiť|umwerfen/wirft/warf/umgeworfen|False|True
deutsch|abstract/movement|priklopiť|stülpen|False|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|preklopiť|umstülpen|False|True
deutsch|abstract/movement|šmariť|schmeissen|True|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|spadnúť|stürzen|True|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|padnúť|fallen/fällt/fiel/gefallen|True|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|vypadnúť|entfallen/entfällt/entfiel/entfallen|False|True
deutsch|abstract/movement|zvaliť sa|umfallen/fällt/fiel/umgefallen|False|True
deutsch|abstract/movement|gúľať sa|rollen|True|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|položiť|legen + hinlegen|True|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|priložiť|anlegen|False|True
deutsch|abstract/movement|obložiť|belegen|False|True
deutsch|abstract/movement|vložiť|einlegen|False|True
deutsch|abstract/movement|podložiť|unterlegen|False|True
deutsch|abstract/movement|vsunúť|einschieben|False|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|šmariť|schleudern|True|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|naraziť|stossen/stösst/stiess/gestossen|False|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|zasunúť|stecken|False|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|plieskať|klatschen|True|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|sypať|schütten|False|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|sypať|streuen|False|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|posypať|bestreuen|False|True
deutsch|abstract/movement|rozsypať|verstreuen|False|True
deutsch|abstract/movement|trúsiť|ausstreuen|False|True
deutsch|abstract/movement|unikať (plyn)|entweichen|False|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|ponoriť|eintauchen|False|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|vyhnúť sa|ausweichen|False|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|odbočiť|abkommen/kam/abgekommen|False|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|roztočiť|ankurbeln|False|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|náraz|r Aufprall/e + r Prall/e|True|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|naraziť|prallen + aufprallen|True|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|odraziť sa|abprallen|False|True
deutsch|abstract/movement|rozheganý|klapprig|False|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|priliehať|anliegen/lag/angelegen|False|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|pomalý|langsam|True|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|spomaliť|verlangsamen|False|True
deutsch|abstract/movement|rýchly|schnell|True|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|plynulý|zügig|True|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|prudký|jäh|False|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|brzdiť|hemmen|False|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|zrýchliť|beschleunigen|True|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|zastaviť|anhalten/hält/hielt/angehalten|True|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|zatvoriť|schliessen/schloss/geschlossen|False|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|zatvorený|geschlossen|False|True
deutsch|abstract/movement|otvoriť|öffnen|False|False
deutsch|abstract/movement|otvorený|offen|False|True
deutsch|human/mood|veselý|froh + fröhlich|True|False
deutsch|human/mood|veselosť|e Fröhlichkeit|False|True
deutsch|human/mood|chuť|e Lust|True|False
deutsch|human/mood|veselý|lustig|False|True
deutsch|human/mood|spokojný|zufrieden (mit)|True|False
deutsch|human/mood|spokojnosť|e Zufriedenheit|False|True
deutsch|human/mood|radosť|e Freude|True|False
deutsch|human/mood|radostný|freudig|False|True
deutsch|human/mood|frflať|murren|False|False
deutsch|human/mood|mrzutý|mürrisch|False|True
deutsch|human/mood|mrzieť|verdriessen|False|False
deutsch|human/mood|mrzutý|verdriesslich|False|True
deutsch|human/mood|mrzutosť|e Verdriesslichkeit/en|False|True
deutsch|human/mood|utrápený|verhärmt|False|False
deutsch|human/mood|zdutý|blasiert|False|False
deutsch|human/mood|smútok|e Trauer|True|False
deutsch|human/mood|smútiť|trauern|False|True
deutsch|human/mood|smutný|traurig (über) + trauervoll|False|True
deutsch|human/mood|trápiť|plagen|False|False
deutsch|human/mood|trpieť|leiden/litt/gelitten|False|False
deutsch|human/mood|oľutovať|bereuen|False|False
deutsch|human/mood|ľutovať|reuen|False|False
deutsch|human/mood|zúfať|verzagen|False|False
deutsch|human/mood|nadchnúť|entzücken|False|False
deutsch|human/mood|nadšenie|e Entzückung|False|True
deutsch|human/mood|zanietenie|r Eifer|False|False
deutsch|human/mood|fanatik|r Eiferer|False|True
deutsch|human/mood|náklonnosť|e Zuneigung/en|False|False
deutsch|human/mood|blaženosť|s Behagen|False|False
deutsch|human/mood|radovať sa|freuen sich (über/auf)|True|False
deutsch|human/mood|nadchnúť (sa)|begeistern sich (an/für)|True|False
deutsch|human/mood|usmievať sa (v duchu)|schmunzeln|False|False
deutsch|human/mood|smiať sa|lachen|True|False
deutsch|human/mood|posmievať sa|verlachen|False|True
deutsch|human/mood|smiešny|lächerlich|False|True
deutsch|human/mood|smiech|s Lachen|False|True
deutsch|human/mood|škeriť sa|feixen|False|False
deutsch|human/mood|posmievať sa|(ver)spotten + spötteln (über)|True|False
deutsch|human/mood|mať rád|mögen/mag/mochte/gemocht|True|False
deutsch|human/mood|užívať si|frönen|False|False
deutsch|human/mood|rád|gern|True|False
deutsch|human/mood|veselý|munter|False|False
deutsch|human/mood|rozveseliť|aufmuntern|False|True
deutsch|human/mood|rozveselenie|e Aufmunterung/en|False|True
deutsch|human/mood|posmech|r Hohn|False|False
deutsch|human/mood|zármutok|r Gram|False|False
deutsch|human/mood|ľútosť|e Reue|False|False
deutsch|human/mood|bôľ|s Leid|True|False
deutsch|human/mood|núdza|e Not|True|False
deutsch|human/mood|žiaľ|r Kummer|False|False
deutsch|human/mood|trápenie|e Plage/n|False|False
deutsch|human/mood|trápenie|e Qual/en|False|False
deutsch|human/mood|nudný|langweilig|True|False
deutsch|human/mood|nuda|e Langeweile|False|True
deutsch|human/mood|nudiť (sa)|langweilen sich|False|True
deutsch|human/mood|zaujímavý|interessant|True|False
deutsch|human/mood|záujem|s Interesse/n (an)|False|True
deutsch|human/mood|zaujímať (sa)|interessieren sich|False|True
deutsch|human/mood|vtip|r Witz/e|True|False
deutsch|human/mood|vtipný|witzig|False|True
deutsch|human/mood|vtipkovať|witzeln (über)|False|True
deutsch|human/mood|smiešny|komisch|True|False
deutsch|human/mood|zábavný|unterhaltsam + amüsant|True|False
deutsch|human/mood|žartovný|scherzhaft + spassig + spasshaft|False|False
deutsch|human/mood|slovná hračka|r Kalauer|False|False
deutsch|human/mood|žart|r Scherz/e + r Spass/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|human/mood|žartovať|scherzen + spassen|False|True
deutsch|human/mood|žartík|s Mätzchen|False|False
deutsch|human/mood|perverzný vtip|e Zote/n|False|False
deutsch|human/mood|vtipkár|r Witzbold/e + r Scherzbold/e|False|False
deutsch|human/mood|srandista|r Scherzkeks|False|False
chinese|zvierata/dinosaury|dinosaurus|恐龙 [kǒng lóng]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/dinosaury|triceratops|三角龙 [sānjiǎo lóng]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/dinosaury|styracosaurus|戟龙 [jǐ lóng]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/dinosaury|pachycephalosaurus|厚头龙 [hòutóu lóng]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/dinosaury|stegosaurus|剑龙 [jiàn lóng]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/dinosaury|ankylosaurus|甲龙 [jiǎ lóng]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/dinosaury|iguanodon|禽龙 [qín lóng]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/dinosaury|parasaurolophus|副栉龙 [fùzhì lóng]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/dinosaury|corythosaurus|冠龙 [guān lóng]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/dinosaury|allosaurus|异特龙 [yìtè lóng]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/dinosaury|carnotaurus|食肉牛龙 [shíròuniú lóng]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/dinosaury|spinosaurus|棘龙 [jí lóng]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/dinosaury|carcharodontosaurus|鲨齿龙 [shāchǐ lóng]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/dinosaury|dilophosaurus|双脊龙 [shuāngjí lóng]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/dinosaury|tyrannosaurus|霸王龙 [bàwáng lóng]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/dinosaury|deinonychus|恐爪龙 [kǒngzhǎo lóng]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/dinosaury|oviraptor|偷蛋龙 [tōudàn lóng]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/dinosaury|troodon|伤齿龙 [shāngchǐ lóng]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/dinosaury|dromaeosaurus|驰龙 [chí lóng]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/dinosaury|therizinosaurus|镰刀龙 [liándāo lóng]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/dinosaury|diplodocus|梁龙 [liáng lóng]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/dinosaury|apatosaurus|雷龙 [léi lóng]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/dinosaury|brachiosaurus|腕龙 [wàn lóng]|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|rybár|r Fischer|True|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|chytať ryby|angeln|True|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|drevorubač|r Holzfäller|True|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|farmár|r Farmer|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|kosiť|mähen|True|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|slama|s Stroh|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|seno|s Heu|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|hnoj|r Mist + r Dung|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|vinič|e Rebe/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|slad|s Malz|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|ryť|wühlen|True|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|sadiť|pflanzen|True|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|presadiť|verpflanzen + umpflanzen|False|True
deutsch|economy/agriculture|vysadiť|auspflanzen|False|True
deutsch|economy/agriculture|zasadiť|einpflanzen + anpflanzen|False|True
deutsch|economy/agriculture|trhať burinu|jäten|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|pestovať|züchten + anbauen|True|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|zalievať|giessen/goss/gegossen|True|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|hnojiť|düngen|True|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|hnojivo|r Dünger|False|True
deutsch|economy/agriculture|poľnohospodárstvo|e Landwirtschaft|True|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|sedliak|r Bauer/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|gazdovstvo|r Bauernhof|False|True
deutsch|economy/agriculture|maštaľ/stajňa|r Stall/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|pole|s Feld + r Acker|True|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|úhor (neobrábané pole)|e Brache/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|siať|säen|True|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|úroda|e Ernte|True|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|žať|ernten|False|True
deutsch|economy/agriculture|oberať|pflücken|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|stodola|e Scheune/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|krmivo|s Futter|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|orať|pflügen + ackern|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|kypriť pole|eggen|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|pluh|r Pflug|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|kombajn|r Mähdrescher|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|traktor|r Traktor/en + r Trecker|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|obilie|s Getreide|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|priesek|e Schneise/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|výrub|e Abholzung/en|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|vyrúbať|abholzen|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|včelár|r Imker|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|pastier|r Hirte/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|dobytok|s Vieh|True|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|jarmo|s Joch/e|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|krotký|zahm|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|sliepka|s Huhn/ü-er|True|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|kohút|r Hahn/ä-e|False|True
deutsch|economy/agriculture|sliepka|e Henne/n|False|True
deutsch|economy/agriculture|kuriatko|s Küken|False|True
deutsch|economy/agriculture|tur|s Rind|True|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|krava|e Kuh|False|True
deutsch|economy/agriculture|býr|r Stier/e + r Bulle|False|True
deutsch|economy/agriculture|teľa|s Kalb|False|True
deutsch|economy/agriculture|prasa|s Schwein|True|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|sviňa|e Sau|False|True
deutsch|economy/agriculture|kanec|r Eber|False|True
deutsch|economy/agriculture|prasiatko|s Ferkel + s Schweinchen|False|True
deutsch|economy/agriculture|ovca|s Schaf|True|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|baran|r Widder + r Schafbock|False|True
deutsch|economy/agriculture|jahňa|s Lamm|False|True
deutsch|economy/agriculture|koza|e Ziege|True|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|cap|r Ziegenbock|False|True
deutsch|economy/agriculture|kozľa|s Zicklein + s Kitz|False|True
deutsch|economy/agriculture|pes|r Hund/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|suka|e Hündin|False|True
deutsch|economy/agriculture|šťeňa|r Welpe/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|mačka|e Katze/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|kocúr|r Kater|False|True
deutsch|economy/agriculture|mačiatko|s Kätzchen|False|True
deutsch|economy/agriculture|cica|e Mieze/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|kôň|s Pferd/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|žrebec|r Hengst/e|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|kobyla|e Stute/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|žriebä|s Fohlen|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|vraník (čierny kôň)|r Rappe/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|šimeľ (biely kôň)|r Schimmel|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|mul|s Maultier/e|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|morka|e Pute/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|sedlo|r Sattel/ä|True|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|uzda|r Zaum/ä-e|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|opraty|r Zügel|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|strmeň|r Steigbügel|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|ostroha|r Sporn/Sporen|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|bič|e Peitsche/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|šibať|peitschen|False|True
deutsch|economy/agriculture|bičík|e Gerte/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|tátoš|s Ross/e|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|búda|e Hundehütte|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|náhubok|r Maulkorb/ö-e + r Beisskorb/ö-e|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|obojok|s Hundehalsband|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|reťaz|e Kette|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|uviazať ku kolu|anpflocken|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|vypitvať|ausweiden|False|False
deutsch|economy/agriculture|štvať/poháňať|hetzen|False|False
deutsch|life/shape|vyziabnutý|hager|False|False
deutsch|life/shape|plešatý|kahl|False|False
deutsch|life/shape|štetinatý|borstig|False|False
deutsch|life/shape|dlhý/vytiahnutý|schlaksig|False|False
deutsch|life/shape|obor|r Hüne/n|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/človek/štedrosť|darovať|spenden + schenken|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/človek/štedrosť|dar|s Geschenk/e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/človek/štedrosť|skromný|bescheiden|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/človek/štedrosť|skromnosť|e Bescheidenheit|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/človek/štedrosť|štedrý|freigebig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/človek/štedrosť|štedrosť|e Freigebigkeit|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/človek/štedrosť|žgrliť|geizen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/človek/štedrosť|lakomý|geizig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/človek/štedrosť|lakomstvo|r Geiz|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/človek/štedrosť|chamtivý|habgierig + habsüchtig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/človek/štedrosť|chamtivosť|e Habgier + e Habsucht|False|False
deutsch|change/shape|ohnúť|biegen/bog/gebogen + verbiegen/verbog/verbogen|True|False
deutsch|change/shape|zohnúť|aufbiegen/bog/aufgebogen|False|True
deutsch|change/shape|prehnúť|einbiegen/bog/eingebogen|False|True
deutsch|change/shape|odbočiť|abbiegen/bog/abgebogen|False|True
deutsch|change/shape|zabočiť|einbiegen/bog/eingebogen|False|True
deutsch|change/shape|zabočiť|umbiegen/bog/umgebogen|False|True
deutsch|change/shape|ohybný|biegsam|False|True
deutsch|change/shape|odbočka|e Abbiegung|False|True
deutsch|change/shape|prevrátiť sa|kentern|False|False
deutsch|change/shape|nasmerovať|lenken (auf)|False|False
deutsch|change/shape|odchýliť|ablenken (von)|False|True
deutsch|change/shape|zlomiť|brechen/bricht/brach/gebrochen|True|False
deutsch|change/shape|odlomiť|abbrechen/bricht/brach/abgebrochen|False|True
deutsch|change/shape|vylomiť|ausbrechen/bricht/brach/ausgebrochen|False|True
deutsch|change/shape|vyraziť|aufbrechen/bricht/brach/aufgebrochen|False|True
deutsch|change/shape|rozbiť|zerbrechen/zerbricht/zerbrach/zerbrochen|False|True
deutsch|change/shape|rozbitný|zerbrechlich|False|True
deutsch|change/shape|rozbiť|zerschlagen/zerschlägt/zerschlug/zerschlagen|False|False
deutsch|change/shape|trhať|reissen/riss/gerissen|True|False
deutsch|change/shape|roztrhať|zerreissen/zerriss/zerrissen|False|True
deutsch|change/shape|odtrhnúť|abreissen/riss/abgerissen|False|True
deutsch|change/shape|vytrhnúť|ausreissen/riss/ausgerissen|False|True
deutsch|change/shape|natrhnúť|einreissen/riss/eingerissen|False|True
deutsch|change/shape|krčiť|knüllen + knittern|False|False
deutsch|change/shape|tesať|meisseln|False|False
deutsch|change/shape|priškripnúť/privrieť|quetschen|False|False
deutsch|change/shape|rozmliaždiť|zerquetschen|False|True
deutsch|change/shape|odseknúť|abhauen|False|False
deutsch|change/shape|puknúť|bersten|False|False
deutsch|change/shape|spútať|fesseln|False|False
deutsch|change/shape|zviazať|binden/band/gebunden + einbinden/band/eingebunden|True|False
deutsch|change/shape|zaviazať|zubinden/band/zugebunden|False|True
deutsch|change/shape|rozviazať|aufbinden/band/aufgebunden|False|True
deutsch|change/shape|priviazať|anbinden/band/angebunden|False|True
deutsch|change/shape|priviazať|aufbinden/band/aufgebunden|False|True
deutsch|change/shape|odviazať|abbinden/band/abgebunden + losbinden/band/losgebunden|False|True
deutsch|change/shape|obviazať|umbinden/umband/umbunden|False|True
deutsch|change/shape|pripnúť|schnallen|False|False
deutsch|change/shape|odopnúť|abschnallen|False|True
deutsch|change/shape|pripútať|anschnallen|False|True
deutsch|change/shape|záhyb|r Knick/e|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/priroda/interakcia|šmykľavý|rutschig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/priroda/interakcia|lepkavý|klebrig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/priroda/interakcia|lepiť sa|pappen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/priroda/interakcia|klzký|schlüpfrig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/priroda/interakcia|mazľavý|schmierig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/priroda/interakcia|mastný|speckig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/priroda/interakcia|slizký|schleimig|False|False
russkiy|abstract/shape|tvar|фо́рма|True|False
russkiy|abstract/shape|priamy|прямо́й|True|False
russkiy|abstract/shape|krivý|криво́й|True|False
russkiy|abstract/shape|čiara|ли́ния|True|False
russkiy|abstract/shape|tyč|сте́ржень|True|False
russkiy|abstract/shape|hák|крючо́к|True|False
russkiy|abstract/shape|koleso|колесо́|True|False
russkiy|abstract/shape|plachta|лист|True|False
russkiy|abstract/shape|doska|доска́|True|False
russkiy|abstract/shape|sieť|сеть|True|False
russkiy|abstract/shape|kríž|крест|True|False
russkiy|abstract/shape|kruh|круг|True|False
russkiy|abstract/shape|štvorec|квадра́т|True|False
russkiy|abstract/shape|obdĺžnik|прямоуго́льник|False|False
russkiy|abstract/shape|kvapka|ка́пля|True|False
russkiy|abstract/shape|guľa|шар|True|False
russkiy|abstract/shape|roh|у́гол|True|False
russkiy|abstract/shape|strana|сторона́|True|False
russkiy|abstract/shape|špička|e Spitze/n|True|False
russkiy|abstract/shape|hrana|e Kante/n|False|False
russkiy|abstract/shape|okraj|край|False|False
russkiy|abstract/shape|diera|дыра́|True|False
russkiy|abstract/shape|škvrna|пятно́|False|False
russkiy|abstract/shape|šikmý|косо́й|False|False
russkiy|abstract/shape|strmý|круто́й|False|False
russkiy|abstract/shape|lichobežník|s Trapez/e|False|False
russkiy|abstract/shape|kosoštvorec|r Rhombus/Rhomben|False|False
russkiy|abstract/shape|kocka|ку́бик|True|False
russkiy|abstract/shape|kužeľ|ко́нус|True|False
russkiy|abstract/shape|kváder|параллелепи́пед|False|False
russkiy|abstract/shape|ihlan|пирами́да|False|False
russkiy|abstract/shape|valec|цили́ндр|False|False
russkiy|abstract/shape|okrúhly|кру́глый|True|False
russkiy|abstract/shape|hranatý|квадра́тный|True|False
russkiy|abstract/shape|plný|по́лный|False|False
russkiy|abstract/shape|prázdny|пусто́й|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|mlčať|schweigen/schwieg/geschwiegen|True|False
deutsch|culture/communication|mlčanlivý|schweigsam|False|True
deutsch|culture/communication|tárať|tratschen|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|zmĺknuť|verstummen|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|zamĺkly|einsilbig|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|utáraný|redselig|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|zbytočné reči|r Umschweif/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|táranie|s Gequassel + r Schwatz/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|tárať|schwafeln|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|strohý|wortkarg|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|vysvetliť|erklären + darlegen|True|False
deutsch|culture/communication|objasniť|erläutern|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|zmiasť|beirren|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|opísať|beschreiben/beschrieb/beschrieben + schildern|True|False
deutsch|culture/communication|znázorniť|veranschaulichen|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|vyjadriť|ausdrücken|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|ohlásiť|anzeigen|True|False
deutsch|culture/communication|poukazovať|aufweisen|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|hlásiť|melden|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|ukázať|zeigen|True|False
deutsch|culture/communication|informovať|berichten|True|False
deutsch|culture/communication|vyhlásiť|ausrufen/rief/ausgerufen|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|vyhlásiť|erlassen/erlässt/erliess/erlassen|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|oznámiť|bekannt geben|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|poznamenať|bemerken|True|False
deutsch|culture/communication|zoznamenať|vermerken|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|spomenúť|erwähnen|True|False
deutsch|culture/communication|prediskutovať|besprechen/bespricht/besprach/besprochen|True|False
deutsch|culture/communication|tvrdiť|behaupten|True|False
deutsch|culture/communication|naznačiť|andeuten|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|poukázať|verweisen|True|False
deutsch|culture/communication|vyzvať|auffordern (zu)|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|odporučiť|empfehlen/empfiehlt/empfahl/empfohlen|True|False
deutsch|culture/communication|odporučenie|e Empfehlung/en|False|True
deutsch|culture/communication|radiť|raten/rät/riet/geraten|True|False
deutsch|culture/communication|rada|r Rat/ä-e|False|True
deutsch|culture/communication|poradiť|beraten/berät/beriet/beraten|False|True
deutsch|culture/communication|odhovárať|abraten/rät/riet/abraten|False|True
deutsch|culture/communication|odporučiť|zuraten/rät/riet/zuraten (zu) + anraten/rät/riet/anraten|False|True
deutsch|culture/communication|prihovoriť sa za|befürworten|True|False
deutsch|culture/communication|varovať|warnen (vor)|True|False
deutsch|culture/communication|varovanie|e Warnung|False|True
deutsch|culture/communication|upozorňovať|mahnen (zu)|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|uistiť|beteuern|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|odradiť|abbringen/brachte/abgebracht|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|presvedčiť|überzeugen|True|False
deutsch|culture/communication|presvedčivý|ǔberzeugend|False|True
deutsch|culture/communication|presvedčenie|e Überzeugung|False|True
deutsch|culture/communication|súhlasiť|zustimmen + stimmen|True|False
deutsch|culture/communication|súhlas|e Zustimmung|False|True
deutsch|culture/communication|akceptovať|akzeptieren|True|False
deutsch|culture/communication|potvrdiť|bestätigen|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|pritakať|bejahen|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|ručiť|einstehen/stand/eingestanden (für)|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|odmietnuť|ablehnen + abweisen|True|False
deutsch|culture/communication|namietať|einwenden/wandte/eingewandt|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|namietnuť|entgegnen|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|protirečiť|widersprechen/widerspricht/widersprach/widersprochen|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|popierať|leugnen + ableugnen + verleugnen|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|pýtať sa|fragen (nach)|True|False
deutsch|culture/communication|prosiť|bitten/bat/gebeten|True|False
deutsch|culture/communication|odprosiť|abbitten/bat/abgebeten|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|poprosiť|erbitten/erbat/erbeten|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|prosíkať|flehen + anflehen|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|požadovať|fordern|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|požiadať|ersuchen (um)|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|žiadať|verlangen|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|vyžiadať si|ausbitten/bat/ausgebeten (sich)|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|požiadavka|r Antrag/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|culture/communication|oznámenie|r Bericht/e + e Anzeige/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/communication|správa|e Nachricht/en|True|False
deutsch|culture/communication|správa|e Meldung/en|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|tvrdenie|e Behauptung|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|náznak|e Andeutung|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|prístup|r Ansatz/ä-e|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|znamenie|r Wink/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|odmietnutie|e Ablehnung|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|námietka|r Einwand/ä-e + e Einwendung|True|False
deutsch|culture/communication|otázka|e Frage/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/communication|prosba|e Bitte/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/communication|požiadavka|e Forderung + s Ersuchen|False|False
deutsch|culture/communication|žiadosť|s Verlangen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|slávny|berühmt|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|osamelý|einsam|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|vzájomný|gegenseitig|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|spoločenský|gesellig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|spriateliť sa|befreunden|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|sláva|r Ruhm|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|preslávený|ruhmreich|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|obľúbený|beliebt|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|obľuba|e Beliebtheit|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|populárny|populär|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|popularita|e Popularität|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|osamelosť|e Einsamkeit + s Alleinsein|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|spoločnosť|e Gesellschaft/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|skupina|e Gruppe/n|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|spolok|r Verein/e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|priateľ|r Freund/e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|priateľstvo|e Freundschaft/en|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|priateľský|freundlich + freundschaftlich|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|nepriateľ|r Feind/e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|nepriateľský|feindlich|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|protivník|r Gegner|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|dav|e Menge/n|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|známy|bekannt|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|známosť|e Bekanntschaft/en|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|tlačenica|s Gewühl|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|samotár|r Einzelgänger|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|spoločne|miteinander|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|člen|s Mitglied/er|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|spoločenstvo|e Sippe/n|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|okruh (skupina ľudí)|r Zirkel|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|spojenectvo|s Bündnis/se|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|spolčiť sa|verbünden sich|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|pomoc|e Hilfe/n|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|pomôcť|helfen/hilft/half/geholfen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|vypomôcť|aushelfen/hilft/half/ausgeholfen (mit)|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|dopomôcť|verhelfen/verhilft/verhalf/verholfen (zu)|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|zachrániť|retten|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|sám|selbst|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|zhromaždiť sa|scharen sich|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|stretnutie|e Begegnung/en|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-socialita|zhromaždenie|e Versammlung/en|False|False
chinese|economy/manufacture|pero|笔 [bǐ]|False|False
chinese|economy/manufacture|ceruzka|铅笔 [qiānbǐ]|False|False
chinese|economy/manufacture|pravítko|尺子 [chǐzi]|False|False
chinese|economy/manufacture|nožnice|剪刀[jiǎndāo]|False|False
chinese|economy/manufacture|batéria|电池 [diànchí]|False|False
chinese|economy/manufacture|kábel|电缆 [diànlǎn]|False|False
chinese|economy/manufacture|anténa|天线 [tiānxiàn]|False|False
chinese|economy/manufacture|lampa|灯 [dēng]|False|False
chinese|economy/manufacture|žiarovka|灯泡 [dēngpào]|False|False
chinese|economy/manufacture|vosk|蜡 [là]|False|False
chinese|economy/manufacture|sviečka|蜡烛 [làzhú]|False|False
chinese|economy/manufacture|baterka|手电 [shǒudiàn]|False|False
chinese|economy/manufacture|koberec|地毯 [dìtǎn]|False|False
chinese|economy/manufacture|stôl|桌子 [zhuōzi]|False|False
chinese|economy/manufacture|stolička|椅子 [yǐzi]|False|False
chinese|economy/manufacture|zrkadlo|镜子 [jìngzi]|False|False
chinese|economy/manufacture|sedačka|沙发 [shāfā]|False|False
chinese|economy/manufacture|posteľ|床 [chuáng]|False|False
chinese|economy/manufacture|vankúš|枕头 [zhěntou]|False|False
chinese|economy/manufacture|hrebeň|梳子 [shūzi]|False|False
chinese|economy/manufacture|uterák|毛巾 [máojīn]|False|False
chinese|economy/manufacture|zubná pasta|牙膏 [yágāo]|False|False
chinese|economy/manufacture|zubná kefka|牙刷 [yáshuā]|False|False
chinese|economy/manufacture|kefka|刷子 [shuāzi]|False|False
chinese|economy/manufacture|kľúč|钥匙 [yàoshi]|False|False
chinese|economy/manufacture|zámka|锁 [suǒ]|False|False
chinese|economy/manufacture|radiátor|散热器 [sànrèqì]|False|False
chinese|economy/manufacture|vysávač|吸尘器 [xīchénqì]|False|False
deutsch|economy/war|zbraň|e Waffe/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/war|strelná zbraň|e Schusswaffe|False|True
deutsch|economy/war|palná zbraň|e Feuerwaffe|False|True
deutsch|economy/war|ozbrojiť|waffnen + bewaffnen|False|True
deutsch|economy/war|ozbrojený|bewaffnet|False|True
deutsch|economy/war|prímerie|r Waffenstillstand + e Waffenruhe|False|True
deutsch|economy/war|pištoľ|e Pistole/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/war|puška|s Gewehr/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/war|vzduchovka|s Luftgewehr|False|True
deutsch|economy/war|kyjak|r Knüppel|False|False
deutsch|economy/war|pošva|e Scheide/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/war|čepeľ|e Klinge/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/war|strieľať|schiessen/schoss/geschossen|True|False
deutsch|economy/war|strelný prach|s Schiesspulver|False|True
deutsch|economy/war|vystreliť|abschiessen/schoss/abgeschossen|False|True
deutsch|economy/war|vystrieľať|verschiessen/verschoss/verschossen|False|True
deutsch|economy/war|postreliť|anschiessen/schoss/angeschossen|False|True
deutsch|economy/war|zostreliť|abschiessen/schoss/abgeschossen|False|True
deutsch|economy/war|zastreliť|erschiessen/erschoss/erschossen|False|True
deutsch|economy/war|ostreľovať|beschiessen/beschoss/beschossen|False|True
deutsch|economy/war|doraziť (zabiť)|Garaus machen|False|False
deutsch|economy/war|streľba|r Schuss/ü-e|False|False
deutsch|economy/war|výstrel|r Abschuss/ü-e|False|True
deutsch|economy/war|náboj|s Geschoss/e|False|False
deutsch|economy/war|delo|s Geschütz|False|False
deutsch|economy/war|brokovnica|e Schrotflinte + e Flinte|False|False
deutsch|economy/war|lovecká puška|e Büchse|False|False
deutsch|economy/war|hlaveň|r Lauf|False|False
deutsch|economy/war|pažba|r Kolben|False|False
deutsch|economy/war|strelivo|e Munition|False|False
deutsch|economy/war|guľka|e Kugel + s Projektil|False|False
deutsch|economy/war|mína|e Mine/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/war|utečenec|r Flüchtling/e|False|False
deutsch|economy/war|vojna|r Krieg/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/war|šarvátka|s Scharmützel|False|False
deutsch|economy/war|šarvátka|s Geplänkel|False|False
deutsch|economy/war|krviprelievanie|s Gemetzel|False|False
deutsch|economy/war|mier|r Frieden|True|False
deutsch|economy/war|povstanie|r Aufstand/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|economy/war|povstať|aufstehen|False|True
deutsch|economy/war|armáda|e Armee/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/war|vzbura|e Meuterei/en|False|False
deutsch|economy/war|prevaha|e Überlegenheit|False|False
deutsch|economy/war|premôcť|bezwingen/bezwang/bezwungen|False|False
deutsch|economy/war|premožiteľ|r Bezwinger|False|True
deutsch|economy/war|bojovať|kämpfen + kriegen|True|False
deutsch|economy/war|boj|s Gefecht/e + r Kampf/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|economy/war|bitka|e Schlacht/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/war|bojisko|s Schlachtfeld/er + r Kampfplatz/ä-e|False|False
deutsch|economy/war|útok|r Angriff/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/war|napadnúť|angreifen/griff/angegriffen + anfallen/fällt/fiel/angefallen|True|False
deutsch|economy/war|prepadnúť|überfallen/überfällt/überfiel/überfallen|True|False
deutsch|economy/war|obliehať|belagern|False|False
deutsch|economy/war|obliehanie|e Belagerung/en|False|True
deutsch|economy/war|obkľúčiť|umzingeln|False|False
deutsch|economy/war|obkľúčenie|e Umzingelung/en|False|True
deutsch|economy/war|dobyť loď|entern|False|False
deutsch|economy/war|ubrániť sa|erwehren sich|False|False
deutsch|economy/war|vojak|r Soldat/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/war|vojsko|s Heer/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/war|hliadka|e Streife/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/war|brániť sa|wehren sich|True|False
deutsch|economy/war|brániť|verteidigen|True|False
deutsch|economy/war|obrana|e Verteidigung/en|False|True
deutsch|economy/war|ochrana|r Schutz|True|False
deutsch|economy/war|chrániť|schützen|False|True
deutsch|economy/war|ochraňovať|beschützen|False|True
deutsch|economy/war|ochranca|r Schützer|False|True
deutsch|economy/war|zákop|r Schützengraben/ä|False|True
deutsch|economy/war|vzbura|r Aufruhr/e|False|False
deutsch|economy/war|mlátiť|prügeln|False|False
deutsch|economy/war|zmlátiť|verprügeln|False|True
deutsch|economy/war|premôcť|besiegen|True|False
deutsch|economy/war|generál|r General/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|economy/war|admirál|r Admiral/ǎ-e|False|False
deutsch|economy/war|plukovník|r Oberst|False|False
deutsch|economy/war|poručík|r Leutnant|False|False
deutsch|economy/war|seržant|r Feldwebel|False|False
deutsch|economy/war|dôstojník|r Offizier|False|False
deutsch|economy/war|špión|r Spion/e + r Spitzel|False|False
chinese|measures|všeobecný|个 [gè]|False|False
chinese|measures|kus|块 [kuài]|False|False
chinese|measures|plátok|片 [piàn]|False|False
chinese|measures|úzke dlhé [cesta]|条 [tiáo]|False|False
chinese|measures|ploché [papier]|张 [zhāng]|False|False
chinese|measures|zviera|只 [zhī]|False|False
chinese|measures|kniha|本 [běn]|False|False
chinese|measures|vozidlo|辆 [liàng]|False|False
chinese|measures|pohár|杯 [bēi]|False|False
chinese|measures|fľaša|瓶 [píng]|False|False
chinese|measures|pár|双 [shuāng]|False|False
chinese|measures|oblečenie|件 [jiàn]|False|False
chinese|measures|misa|碗 [wǎn]|False|False
chinese|measures|druh|种 [zhǒng]|False|False
chinese|measures|kôň|匹 [pǐ]|False|False
chinese|measures|dobytok|头 [tóu]|False|False
chinese|measures|osoba|位 [wèi]|False|False
chinese|measures|človek|名 [míng]|False|False
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|keď|wenn|True|False
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|keď.. tak..|wenn.. dann..|True|False
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|keď (jednorazová minulosť)|als|True|False
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|v prípade že|falls|True|False
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|hneď ako|sobald|True|False
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|pokiaľ|sofern + soweit|True|False
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|inak|sonst + anders|True|False
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|v opačnom prípade|ander(e)nfalls|True|False
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|začať|anfangen/fängt/fing/angefangen + beginnen/begann/begonnen + einleiten|True|False
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|koniec|s Ende/n|True|False
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|konečne|endlich|False|True
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|končiť|enden|False|True
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|dokončiť|beenden|False|True
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|prerušiť|unterbrechen/unterbricht/unterbrach/unterbrochen|True|False
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|prerušenie|e Unterbrechung/en|False|True
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|pokračovať|weitergehen/ging/weitergegangen + fortsetzen|True|False
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|priebeh|r Verlauf/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|prebiehať|verlaufen/verläuft/verlief/verlaufen|False|True
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|zastaviť|stoppen|True|False
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|ukončiť|abschliessen|True|False
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|opakovať|wiederholen|True|False
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|opakovanie|e Wiederholung/en|False|True
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|opakovaný|wiederholt|False|True
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|nasledovať|folgen + nachfolgen|True|False
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|prestať|aufhören|True|False
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|čakať|warten (auf)|True|False
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|očakávať|erwarten|False|True
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|očakávanie|e Erwartung|False|True
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|vyčkávať|harren|False|False
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|predchádzať|vorausgehen/ging/vorausgegangen|False|False
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|trvať|dauern|True|False
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|zostať|bleiben/blieb/geblieben|False|False
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|štartovať|starten|True|False
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|zmeškať|versäumen|False|False
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|premeškať|verpassen|True|False
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|stráviť (čas)|verbringen/verbrachte/verbracht|False|False
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|začiatok|r Anfang/ä-e + r Beginn|True|False
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|pokračovanie|e Fortsetzung/en|True|False
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|záver|r Schluss/ü-e|True|False
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|stred|e Mitte/n|True|False
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|cieľ|s Ziel/e|True|False
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|pôvod|r Ursprung/ü-e|False|False
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|pôvodný|ursprünglich|False|True
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|pôvodný|urtümlich|False|False
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|nový|neu|True|False
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|novučičký|nagelneu|False|True
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|hotový|fertig (mit)|True|False
deutsch|abstract/algorithm|plynulý|fliessend|False|False
chinese|živé telo/senses|počuť|听 [tīng]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/senses|volať|叫 [jiào]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/senses|kričať|叫喊 [jiàohǎn]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/senses|revať|吼 [hǒu]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/senses|znieť|响 [xiǎng]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/senses|zavolať si|召唤 [zhàohuàn]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/senses|vystrašiť|吓 [xià]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/senses|jesť|吃 [chī]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/senses|piť|喝 [hē]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/senses|nemý|哑巴 [yǎba]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/senses|chuť|味 [wèi]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/senses|dýchať|呼吸 [hūxī]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/senses|hrýzť|咬 [yǎo]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/senses|žuť|嚼 [jiáo]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/senses|grcať|呕吐 [ǒutù]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/senses|čkať sa|呃逆 [ènì]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/senses|povzdych|叹息 [tànxī]|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|hmota|materia|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|látka|sustancia|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|prvok|elemento|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|skupenstvo|estado|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|kvapalný|líquido|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|pevný|sólido|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|plynný|gaseoso|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|plyn|gas|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|vzduch|aire|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|voda|agua|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|ľad|hielo|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|hodváb|seda|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|bavlna|algodón|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|drevo|madera|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|sklo|vidrio|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|guma|goma|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|papier|papel|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|kov|metal|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|oceľ|acero|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|ropa|petróleo|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|uhlie|carbón|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|mramor|mármol|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|sľuda|mica|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|vápenec|caliza|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|kremeň|cuarzo|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|diamant|diamante|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|smaragd|esmeralda|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|piesok|arena|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|betón|hormigón|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|meď|cobre|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|zlato|oro|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|striebro|plata|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|bronz|bronce|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|mosadz|latón|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|zliatina|aleación|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|síra|azufre|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|kyslík|oxígeno|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|fosfor|fósforo|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|dusík|nitrógeno|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|uhlík|carbono|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|vodík|hidrógeno|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|vápnik|calcio|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|kremík|silicio|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|železo|hierro|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|hliník|aluminio|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|olovo|plomo|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|ortuť|mercurio|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|lepidlo|pegamento|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|kyselina|ácido|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|rozpúšťadlo|disolvente|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|výbušnina|explosivo|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|rozožrať|corroer|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|lepiť|pegar|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|kĺzať sa|resbalar|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|prach|polvo|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|popol|ceniza|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|sadza|hollín|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|drsný|áspero|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|hebký|suave|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|lepkavý|pegajoso|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|hustý|espeso + denso|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|riedky|ralo|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|krehký|frágil|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|mäkký|blando|False|False
espanol|abstract/material|pružný|elástico|False|False
deutsch|culture/history|stredovek|s Mittelalter|True|False
deutsch|culture/history|turnaj|s Turnier/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/history|kráľovstvo|s Königreich/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/history|hrad|e Burg/en|True|False
deutsch|culture/history|zámok|s Schloss/ö-er|True|False
deutsch|culture/history|pevnosť|e Festung/en|True|False
deutsch|culture/history|padací most|e Zugbrücke/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/history|cimbúrie|e Zinne/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/history|cisár|r Kaiser|True|False
deutsch|culture/history|kráľ|r König/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/history|kráľovná|e Königin/nen|True|False
deutsch|culture/history|princ|r Prinz/en|True|False
deutsch|culture/history|princezná|e Prinzessin/nen|True|False
deutsch|culture/history|výsosť|e Hoheit/en|True|False
deutsch|culture/history|dynastia|e Dynastie/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/history|rytier|r Ritter|True|False
deutsch|culture/history|križiak|r Kreuzritter|False|False
deutsch|culture/history|šľachta|r Adel|False|False
deutsch|culture/history|urodzený|adlig + adelig|False|False
deutsch|culture/history|vojvoda|r Herzog/ö-e|False|False
deutsch|culture/history|knieža|r Fürst/en|False|False
deutsch|culture/history|gróf|r Graf/en|False|False
deutsch|culture/history|šašo|r Narr/en|False|False
deutsch|culture/history|nevoľník|r Leibeigene/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/history|poddaný|r Untertan/en|False|False
deutsch|culture/history|komorná|e Zofe/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/history|kožušník|r Kürschner|False|False
deutsch|culture/history|kat|r Henker + r Scharfrichter|False|False
deutsch|culture/history|pochodeň|e Fackel/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/history|služobníctvo|s Gesinde|False|False
deutsch|culture/history|žalár|r Kerker|True|False
deutsch|culture/history|pranier|r Pranger|False|False
deutsch|culture/history|šibenica|r Galgen|False|False
deutsch|culture/history|hranica (upálenie)|r Scheiterhaufen|False|False
deutsch|culture/history|koruna|e Krone/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/history|žezlo|s Zepter|False|False
deutsch|culture/history|koč|e Kutsche/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/history|erb|s Wappen|False|False
deutsch|culture/history|meč|s Schwert/er|True|False
deutsch|culture/history|dýka|r Dolch/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/history|štít|r Schild/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/history|brnenie|e Rüstung/en|True|False
deutsch|culture/history|oštep|r Speer/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/history|kopija|e Lanze/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/history|kord|r Degen|False|False
deutsch|culture/history|luk|r Bogen|True|False
deutsch|culture/history|šíp|r Pfeil/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/history|kyjak|e Keule/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/history|tulec|r Köcher|False|False
deutsch|culture/history|kuša|e Armbrust/ü-e|False|False
deutsch|culture/history|halapartňa|e Hellebarde/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/history|baranidlo|r Rammbock/ö-e|False|False
deutsch|culture/history|pancier|r Harnisch/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/history|cech|e Zunft/ü-e|False|False
deutsch|culture/history|vesta|s Wams/ä-er|False|False
deutsch|culture/history|tasiť|zücken|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/oslovenie|nazývať|nennen/nannte/genannt|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/oslovenie|pomenovať|benennen/benannte/benannt|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/oslovenie|volať sa|heissen/hiess/geheissen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/oslovenie|meno|r Name/n|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/oslovenie|prezývka|r Spitzname/n|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/oslovenie|priezvisko|r Familienname/n + r Zuname/n + r Nachname/n|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/oslovenie|krstné meno|r Vorname/n + r Taufname/n|False|True
russkiy|nature/physics|rýchlosť|скорость|False|False
russkiy|nature/physics|rýchly|быстрый|False|False
russkiy|nature/physics|pomalý|медленный|False|False
russkiy|nature/physics|hmotnosť|вес|False|False
russkiy|nature/physics|ťažký|тяжелый|False|False
russkiy|nature/physics|ľahký|легкий|False|False
russkiy|nature/physics|sila|си́ла|False|False
russkiy|nature/physics|silný|си́льный|False|False
russkiy|nature/physics|slabý|сла́бый|False|False
russkiy|nature/physics|rovnováha|равнове́сие|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|úsmev|sonrisa|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|smiať sa|reírse|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|veselý|alegre|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|smutný|triste|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|zúfalý|desesperado|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|nadšený|entusiasta (de)|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|pobúrený|indignado|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|dráždiť|exasperar|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|provokovať|provocar|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|rozhnevať|irritar|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|nahnevať|enojar|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|nahnevať|enfadar|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|rozrušiť|emocionar|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|zúrivý|furioso|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|rozčúlený|enfadado|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|hnev|enojo|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|nahnevaný|enojado|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|strach|miedo|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|báť sa|temer|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|odvaha|coraje|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|povzbudiť|animar|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|pomsta|venganza|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|pomstiť sa|vengarse|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|zdvorilý|cortés|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|zdvorilosť|cortesía|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|ohľaduplný|respetuoso|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|sebecký|egoísta|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|súcitiť|compadecer|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|súcit|compasión|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|súcitný (hacia)|compasivo|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|závidieť|envidiar|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|závisť|envidia|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|závistlivý|envidioso|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|žiarlivosť|celos|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|žiarlivý|celoso|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|namyslenosť|presunción|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|namyslený|presumido|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|ľutovať|lamentar|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|ponížiť|humillar|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|zradiť|traicionar|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|zrada|traición|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|klamstvo|mentira|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|klamať|mentir|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|oklamať|engañar|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|sklamať|decepcionar|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|prisahať|jurar|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|hanblivý|vergonzoso|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|zbabelý|cobarde|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|drzý|descarado|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|naivný|ingenuo|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|nedôverčivý|receloso|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|naivita|ingenuidad|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|tvrdohlavý|testarudo|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|trpezlivý|paciente|False|False
espanol|psychology/správanie|ctižiadostivý|ambicioso|False|False
russkiy|abstract/result|áno|да|False|False
russkiy|abstract/result|nie|нет|False|False
russkiy|abstract/result|možno|возмо́жно|False|False
russkiy|abstract/result|pravdaže|коне́чно|False|False
russkiy|abstract/result|samozrejme|разуме́ется|False|False
russkiy|abstract/result|sotva/ťažko|вряд ли|False|False
russkiy|abstract/result|veľa|мно́го|False|False
russkiy|abstract/result|málo|ма́ло|False|False
russkiy|abstract/result|oveľa|гора́здо|False|False
russkiy|abstract/result|viac|бо́льше|False|False
russkiy|abstract/result|menej|ме́ньше|False|False
russkiy|abstract/result|veľmi|о́чень|False|False
russkiy|abstract/result|príliš|сли́шком|False|False
russkiy|abstract/result|iba|то́лько|False|False
russkiy|abstract/result|len|лишь|False|False
russkiy|abstract/result|sotva|едва́|False|False
russkiy|abstract/result|presne|то́чно|False|False
deutsch|economy/services|hotel|s Hotel/s|True|False
deutsch|economy/services|hosť|r Gast/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|economy/services|pošta|e Post|True|False
deutsch|economy/services|poštár|r Postbote/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/services|výklad|s Schaufenster|False|False
deutsch|economy/services|cestovať|reisen|True|False
deutsch|economy/services|cestovný|Reise-|True|False
deutsch|economy/services|potápač|r Taucher|False|False
deutsch|economy/services|cesta|e Reise/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/services|kufor|r Koffer|True|False
deutsch|economy/services|batožina|s Gepäck|True|False
deutsch|economy/services|kuchár|r Koch/ö-e|True|False
deutsch|economy/services|čašník|r Kellner|True|False
deutsch|economy/services|reštaurácia|s Restaurant/s|True|False
deutsch|economy/services|krčma|e Kneipe/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/services|pult|r Tresen|False|False
deutsch|economy/services|kaderník|r Friseur/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/services|účes|e Frisur/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/services|parochňa|e Perücke/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/services|hrebeň|r Kamm/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|economy/services|vrkoč|r Zopf/ö-e|True|False
deutsch|economy/services|štica|r Haarschopf/ö-e|False|False
deutsch|economy/services|rozstrapatiť|zerzausen|False|False
deutsch|economy/finance|venovať|widmen|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|venovanie|e Widmung/en|False|True
deutsch|economy/finance|dať|geben/gibt/gab/gegeben|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|dostať|bekommen/bekam/bekommen + erhalten/erhält/erhielt/erhalten + kriegen|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|nedoceniť|verkennen/verkannte/verkannt|False|False
deutsch|economy/finance|kúpiť|kaufen|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|predať|verkaufen|False|True
deutsch|economy/finance|nakupovať|einkaufen|False|True
deutsch|economy/finance|nákup|r Kauf/ä-e + r Einkauf/ä-e|False|True
deutsch|economy/finance|predaj|r Verkauf/ä-e|False|True
deutsch|economy/finance|predavač|r Verkäufer|False|True
deutsch|economy/finance|nákupca|r Einkäufer|False|True
deutsch|economy/finance|predať (nepoctivo)|verschachern|False|False
deutsch|economy/finance|dražiť|versteigern|False|False
deutsch|economy/finance|obchod|r Handel + s Geschäft/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|obchodovať|handeln|False|True
deutsch|economy/finance|predajňa|r Laden/ä|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|nepredajný tovar|r Ladenhüter|False|True
deutsch|economy/finance|obchodovať v malom|verhökern|False|False
deutsch|economy/finance|trh|r Markt/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|tovar|e Ware/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|cena|r Preis/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|hodnota|r Wert/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|zhodnotiť|werten|False|True
deutsch|economy/finance|vyhodnotiť|auswerten|False|True
deutsch|economy/finance|zľava|r Rabatt/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|zákazník|r Kunde/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|inzerát|e Anzeige|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|dlh|e Schuld/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|dlhovať|schulden|False|True
deutsch|economy/finance|dlžník|r Schuldner|False|True
deutsch|economy/finance|vymáhať|beitreiben/trieb/beigetrieben + eintreiben/trieb/eingetrieben|False|False
deutsch|economy/finance|rozpočet|r Etat/s|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|veriteľ|r Gläubiger|False|False
deutsch|economy/finance|výdavky|r Aufwand|False|False
deutsch|economy/finance|bankový účet|s Konto/s|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|hypotéka|e Hypothek/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|účtenka|r Beleg/e|False|False
deutsch|economy/finance|faktúra|e Rechnung/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|pôžička|e Anleihe/n + s Darlehen|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|vypožičat|leihen/lieh/geliehen + ausleihen/lieh/ausgeliehen|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|požičať|borgen + verleihen/verlieh/verliehen|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|stáť (cena)|kosten|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|zarobiť|verdienen|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|zárobok|r Verdienst|False|True
deutsch|economy/finance|šetriť|sparen|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|ušetriť|ersparen|False|True
deutsch|economy/finance|šetrný|sparsam|False|True
deutsch|economy/finance|platiť|zahlen|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|zaplatiť|bezahlen|False|True
deutsch|economy/finance|vyplatiť|auszahlen|False|True
deutsch|economy/finance|splácať|abzahlen|False|True
deutsch|economy/finance|platba|e Zahlung/en|False|True
deutsch|economy/finance|platidlo|s Zahlungsmittel|False|True
deutsch|economy/finance|odplatiť|vergelten/vergilt/vergalt/vergolten|False|False
deutsch|economy/finance|vyplatiť|einlösen|False|False
deutsch|economy/finance|splatiť|begleichen/beglich/beglichen|False|False
deutsch|economy/finance|uhradiť|erstatten|False|False
deutsch|economy/finance|uhradiť|aufkommen/kam/aufgekommen (für)|False|False
deutsch|economy/finance|splatiť|abgelten/gilt/galt/abgegolten|False|False
deutsch|economy/finance|zhabať|pfänden|False|False
deutsch|economy/finance|hýriť|prassen|False|False
deutsch|economy/finance|prehýriť|verprassen|False|True
deutsch|economy/finance|sponzorovať|stiften|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|vyplatiť sa|lohnen sich|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|preceniť|überschätzen|False|False
deutsch|economy/finance|zjednávať cenu|feilschen|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|peniaze|s Geld|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|hotovosť|s Bargeld|False|True
deutsch|economy/finance|drobné|s Kleingeld|False|True
deutsch|economy/finance|prepitné|s Trinkgeld|False|True
deutsch|economy/finance|mena|e Währung/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|dolár|r Dollar/s|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|prachy|r Zaster|False|False
deutsch|economy/finance|minca|e Münze/n + s Geldstück/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|bankovka|e Banknote/n + r Geldschein/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|libra|s Pfund/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|šek|r Scheck/s|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|účet v reštaurácii|e Zeche/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/finance|zisk|r Gewinn/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|strata|r Verlust/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|úrok|r Zins/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|splátka|e Rate/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|banka|e Bank/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|burza|e Börse/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|chudobný|arm|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|chudoba|e Armut|False|True
deutsch|economy/finance|bohatý|reich|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|bohatstvo|r Reichtum/ü-er|False|True
deutsch|economy/finance|prepych|r Prunk|False|False
deutsch|economy/finance|mzdy|r Lohn/ö-e|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|plat|s Gehalt/ä-er|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|honorár|e Gage/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/finance|daň|e Steuer/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|odpočty|r Abzug/ü-e|False|False
deutsch|economy/finance|poplatok|e Gebühr/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|mýto|e Maut/en|False|False
deutsch|economy/finance|príjem|r Bezug/ü-e|False|False
deutsch|economy/finance|poistiť|versichern|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|poistenie|e Versicherung/en|False|True
deutsch|economy/finance|havarijné poistenie|Kaskoversicherung|False|True
deutsch|economy/finance|mať|haben/hat/hatte/gehabt|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|patriť|gehören|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|vlastniť|besitzen/besass/besessen|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|majetok|s Vermögen|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|zaobísť sa bez|entbehren|False|False
deutsch|economy/finance|odoprieť si|verkneifen sich|False|False
deutsch|economy/finance|dopriať si|gönnen sich|False|False
deutsch|economy/finance|žobrať|betteln (um)|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|žobrák|r Bettler|False|True
deutsch|economy/finance|bankrot|e Pleite/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/finance|poklad|r Schatz/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|economy/finance|klenot|e Klunker/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/finance|sponzor|r Mäzen/e|False|False
deutsch|economy/finance|investovať|anlegen (in)|False|False
chinese|veda/medicína|bunka|细胞 [xìbāo]|False|False
chinese|veda/medicína|proteín|蛋白质 [dànbáizhí]|False|False
chinese|veda/medicína|DNA|脱氧核糖核酸 [tuōyǎng hétáng hésuān]|False|False
chinese|veda/medicína|gene|基因 [jīyīn]|False|False
chinese|veda/medicína|nucleotide|核苷酸 [hégānsuān]|False|False
chinese|veda/medicína|mutácia|突变 [túbiàn]|False|False
chinese|veda/medicína|evolúcia|进化 [jìnhuà]|False|False
chinese|veda/medicína|erythrocyte|红细胞 [hóngxìbāo]|False|False
chinese|veda/medicína|leukocyte|白细胞 [báixìbāo]|False|False
chinese|veda/medicína|neuron|神经元 [shénjīng yuán]|False|False
chinese|veda/medicína|ribosome|核糖体 [hétáng tǐ]|False|False
chinese|veda/medicína|mitochondria|线粒体 [xiànlìtǐ]|False|False
chinese|veda/medicína|virus|病毒 [bìngdú]|False|False
chinese|veda/medicína|bacteria|细菌 [xìjùn]|False|False
chinese|veda/medicína|melanine|黑色素 [hēisèsù]|False|False
chinese|veda/medicína|insulin|胰岛素 [yídǎosù]|False|False
chinese|veda/medicína|hormone|激素 [jīsù]|False|False
chinese|veda/medicína|chromosome|染色体 [rǎnsètǐ]|False|False
chinese|veda/medicína|vitamin|维他命 [wéitāmìng]|False|False
chinese|veda/medicína|metabolism|代谢 [dàixiè]|False|False
chinese|veda/medicína|epidemy|流行病 [liúxíng bìng]|False|False
espanol|abstract/priebeh|priebeh|curso|False|False
espanol|abstract/priebeh|postupnosť|sucesión|False|False
espanol|abstract/priebeh|opakovanie|repetición|False|False
espanol|abstract/priebeh|prestávka|pausa|False|False
espanol|abstract/priebeh|začiatok|principio + inicio|False|False
espanol|abstract/priebeh|koniec|final + fin|False|False
espanol|abstract/priebeh|začať|comenzar + empezar|False|False
espanol|abstract/priebeh|skončiť|acabar|False|False
espanol|abstract/priebeh|zastaviť|parar|False|False
espanol|abstract/priebeh|nasledovať|seguir|False|False
espanol|abstract/priebeh|predchádzať|preceder|False|False
espanol|abstract/priebeh|pokračovať|continuar|False|False
espanol|abstract/priebeh|opakovať|repetir|False|False
espanol|abstract/priebeh|dočasný|temporal|False|False
espanol|abstract/priebeh|večný|eterno|False|False
espanol|abstract/priebeh|predošlý|precedente|False|False
espanol|abstract/priebeh|nasledujúci|siguiente|False|False
russkiy|economy/cloth|obliecť|наде́ть|False|False
russkiy|economy/cloth|pracovný odev|спецо́вка|False|False
russkiy|economy/cloth|kabát|пальто́|False|False
russkiy|economy/cloth|bunda|ку́ртка|False|False
russkiy|economy/cloth|košeľa|руба́шка|False|False
russkiy|economy/cloth|nohavice|брю́ки|False|False
russkiy|economy/cloth|šaty|пла́тье|False|False
russkiy|economy/cloth|plášť|плащ|False|False
russkiy|economy/cloth|topánka|боти́нок|False|False
russkiy|economy/cloth|čizma|сапо́г|False|False
russkiy|economy/cloth|papuča|та́почка|False|False
russkiy|economy/cloth|podrážka|подо́шва|False|False
russkiy|economy/cloth|podpätok|каблу́к|False|False
russkiy|economy/cloth|čiapka|ша́пка|False|False
russkiy|economy/cloth|klobúk|шля́па|False|False
russkiy|economy/cloth|ponožka|носо́к|False|False
russkiy|economy/cloth|pančucha|чуло́к|False|False
russkiy|economy/cloth|rukavica|перча́тка|False|False
russkiy|economy/cloth|šál|шарф|False|False
russkiy|economy/cloth|šatka|платок|False|False
russkiy|economy/cloth|vrecko|карма́н|False|False
russkiy|economy/cloth|golier|воротни́к|False|False
russkiy|economy/cloth|rukáv|рука́в|False|False
russkiy|economy/cloth|podpätok|каблу́к|False|False
russkiy|economy/cloth|prsteň|кольцо́|False|False
russkiy|economy/cloth|šiť|шить|False|False
russkiy|economy/cloth|ihla|игла́|False|False
russkiy|economy/cloth|niť|нить|False|False
russkiy|economy/cloth|gombík|пу́говица|False|False
russkiy|life/movement|ísť|идти́|False|False
russkiy|life/movement|chodiť|ходи́ть|False|False
russkiy|life/movement|behať|бе́гать|False|False
russkiy|life/movement|bežať|бежа́ть|False|False
russkiy|life/movement|skákať|пры́гать|False|False
russkiy|life/movement|plaziť sa|по́лзать|False|False
russkiy|life/movement|plávať|пла́вать|False|False
russkiy|life/movement|plávať|плыть|False|False
russkiy|life/movement|lietať|лета́ть|False|False
russkiy|life/movement|liezť|лезть|False|False
russkiy|life/movement|po špičkách|на цыпочках|False|False
russkiy|life/movement|ponáhľať sa|торопи́ться|False|False
russkiy|life/movement|jazdievať|езжа́ть|False|False
russkiy|life/movement|stískať|жать|False|False
russkiy|life/movement|objať|обня́ть|False|False
russkiy|life/movement|ležať|лежа́ть|False|False
russkiy|life/movement|sedieť|сиде́ть|False|False
russkiy|life/movement|čupieť|сиде́ть на ко́рточках|False|False
russkiy|life/movement|stáť|стоя́ть|False|False
russkiy|life/movement|kľačať|стоя́ть на коле́нях|False|False
russkiy|life/movement|držať|держа́ть|False|False
russkiy|life/movement|pustiť|пусти́ть|False|False
russkiy|life/movement|tlieskať|рукоплеска́ть|False|False
russkiy|life/movement|tlieskať|хло́пать|False|False
russkiy|life/movement|klopať|стуча́ть|False|False
russkiy|life/movement|tĺcť|колоти́ть|False|False
russkiy|culture/art|verš|стих|False|False
russkiy|culture/art|báseň|стихотворе́ние|False|True
russkiy|culture/art|spievať|петь|False|False
russkiy|culture/art|spev|пе́ние|False|True
russkiy|culture/art|tanec|та́нец|False|False
russkiy|culture/art|tancovať|танцева́ть|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/trees|topoľ|álamo|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/trees|javor|arce|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/trees|breza|abedul|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/trees|vŕba|sauce|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/trees|buk|haya|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/trees|dub|roble|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/trees|jaseň|fresno|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/trees|lipa|tilo|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/trees|brest|olmo|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/trees|hrab|carpe|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/trees|borovica|pino|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/trees|jedľa|abeto|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/trees|smrek|pícea|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/trees|smrekovec|alerce|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/trees|tis|tejo|False|False
espanol|biology/ethology|loviť|cazar|False|False
espanol|biology/ethology|loviť|depredar|False|False
espanol|biology/ethology|pozorovať|observar|False|False
espanol|biology/ethology|prenasledovať|perseguir|False|False
espanol|biology/ethology|utekať|huir|False|False
espanol|biology/ethology|chytiť|atrapar|False|False
espanol|biology/ethology|ujsť|escapar|False|False
espanol|biology/ethology|odohnať|ahuyentar|False|False
espanol|biology/ethology|prísť|acudir|False|False
espanol|biology/ethology|číhať|acechar|False|False
espanol|biology/ethology|návnada|cebo|False|False
espanol|biology/ethology|pasca|trampa|False|False
espanol|biology/ethology|lesť|ardid|False|False
espanol|biology/ethology|svorka|manada|False|False
espanol|biology/ethology|stádo|rebaño|False|False
espanol|biology/ethology|kŕdeľ|bandada|False|False
espanol|biology/ethology|roj|enjambre|False|False
espanol|biology/ethology|hniezdo|nido|False|False
espanol|biology/ethology|úľ|colmena|False|False
espanol|biology/ethology|nora|gazapera|False|False
espanol|biology/ethology|brloh|guarida|False|False
espanol|biology/ethology|mravenisko|hormiguero|False|False
espanol|biology/ethology|pásť|apacentar|False|False
espanol|biology/ethology|kŕmiť|alimentar|False|False
espanol|biology/ethology|dojiť|ordeñar|False|False
espanol|biology/ethology|lov|caza|False|False
espanol|biology/ethology|predátor|depredador|False|False
espanol|biology/ethology|korisť|presa|False|False
espanol|biology/ethology|bežať|correr|False|False
espanol|biology/ethology|skákať|saltar|False|False
espanol|biology/ethology|plávať|nadar|False|False
espanol|biology/ethology|uchopiť|asir|False|False
espanol|biology/ethology|držať|sostener|False|False
espanol|biology/ethology|hladiť|acariciar|False|False
espanol|biology/ethology|štekliť|cosquillear|False|False
espanol|biology/ethology|zomrieť|morir|False|False
russkiy|economy/finance|majiteľ|хозя́ин|False|False
russkiy|economy/finance|peniaze|деньги|False|False
russkiy|economy/finance|zľava|скидка|False|False
russkiy|economy/finance|účet|счёт|False|False
russkiy|economy/finance|minca|моне́та|False|False
russkiy|economy/finance|platiť|платить|False|False
russkiy|economy/finance|zruinovať|разорить|False|False
russkiy|economy/finance|lacný|дешевый|False|False
russkiy|economy/finance|drahý|дорогой|False|False
russkiy|economy/finance|špekulácia|ажиота́ж|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/povaha|vzdorovitý|aufmüpfig|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/povaha|trápny|peinlich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/povaha|citlivý|empfindlich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/povaha|tvrdohlavý|dickköpfig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/povaha|tvrdohlavý|stur|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/povaha|puntičkársky|ping(e)lig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/povaha|bláznivý|verrückt|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/povaha|bláznivosť|e Verrücktheit/en|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/povaha|milý|nett|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/povaha|vážny|ernst|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/povaha|vyrovnaný (duševne)|gleichmütig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/povaha|nervózny|nervös|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/povaha|žiarlivý|eifersüchtig (auf)|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/povaha|prefíkaný|schlau|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/povaha|prísny|streng|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/povaha|blúznenie|e Schwärmerei/en|False|False
espanol|abstract/time|skoré ráno|madrugada|False|False
espanol|abstract/time|ráno|mañana|False|False
espanol|abstract/time|poludnie|mediodía|False|False
espanol|abstract/time|večer|tarde|False|False
espanol|abstract/time|noc|noche|False|False
espanol|abstract/time|letný|estival|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/predlozky|od (minulosť)|seit|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/predlozky|od (budúcnosť)|ab|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/predlozky|pred|vor|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/predlozky|po|nach|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/predlozky|za/o|in|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/predlozky|v (dni a menej)|an|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/predlozky|v (týždeň a viac)|in|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/predlozky|do|bis|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/predlozky|o (hodina)|um|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/predlozky|na (ako dlho)|für|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/predlozky|počas|während|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/predlozky|v priebehu|innerhalb + binnen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/predlozky|podľa|zufolge|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/predlozky|napriek|entgegen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/predlozky|bez|ohne|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/predlozky|pre|für|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/predlozky|proti|gegen + wider|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/predlozky|za (koľko/čo)|pro|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/predlozky|napriek| trotz|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/predlozky|namiesto|(an)statt|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/predlozky|kvôli|wegen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/predlozky|v dôsledku|infolge|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/predlozky|podľa|laut|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/predlozky|vzhľadom na|angesichts + hinsichtlich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/predlozky|s pomocou|mithilfe + mittels|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/predlozky|na základe|anhand + aufgrund|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/predlozky|v súlade s|gemäss|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/predlozky|pokiaľ ide o|bezüglich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/predlozky|vrátane|einschliesslich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/predlozky|výlučne|ausschliesslich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/predlozky|v prospech|zugunsten|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/predlozky|namiesto|anstelle|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/predlozky|zo strany|seitens|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/predlozky|pri príležitosti|anlässlich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/predlozky|pre nedostatok|mangels|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/predlozky|nehľadiac na|ungeachtet|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/predlozky|s cieľom|zwecks|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/predlozky|prostredníctvom|vermöge|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/predlozky|vďaka|dank|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/predlozky|nejakým spôsobom|auf|False|False
deutsch|culture/art|umenie|e Kunst/ü-e|True|False
deutsch|culture/art|umelec|r Künstler|True|False
deutsch|culture/art|divadlo|s Theater|True|False
deutsch|culture/art|kino|s Kino/s|True|False
deutsch|culture/art|múzeum|s Museum/Museen|True|False
deutsch|culture/art|javisko|e Bühne/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/art|hľadisko|r Zuschauerraum/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|culture/art|obecenstvo|s Publikum|True|False
deutsch|culture/art|herec|r Schauspieler|True|False
deutsch|culture/art|režisér|r Regisseur/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/art|film|r Film/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/art|scenár|s Drehbuch/ü-er|True|False
deutsch|culture/art|titulky|r Untertitel|True|False
deutsch|culture/art|obraz|s Bild/er|True|False
deutsch|culture/art|maľovať|malen|True|False
deutsch|culture/art|maľba|s Gemälde|True|False
deutsch|culture/art|socha|e Statue/n + e Skulptur/en|True|False
deutsch|culture/art|plátno|e Leinwand/ä-e|False|False
deutsch|culture/art|čmáranica|e Schmiererei|False|False
deutsch|culture/art|sochár|r Bildhauer|False|False
deutsch|culture/art|tanec|r Tanz/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|culture/art|tancovať|tanzen|True|False
deutsch|culture/art|spev|r Gesang|True|False
deutsch|culture/art|spievať|singen/sang/gesungen|True|False
deutsch|culture/art|pieseň|s Lied/er|True|False
deutsch|culture/art|hlas|e Stimme/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/art|bájka|e Fabel/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/art|rým|r Reim/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/art|tetovať|tätowieren|False|False
deutsch|culture/art|tetovanie|e Tätowierung/en|False|False
deutsch|culture/art|hudba|e Musik|True|False
deutsch|culture/art|klavír|s Klavier/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/art|struna|e Saite/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/art|ladiť|stimmen|False|False
deutsch|culture/art|hrať (hud)|spielen|False|False
deutsch|culture/art|bubon|e Trommel/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/art|bubnovať|trommeln|False|True
espanol|biology/anatomy|hlava|cabeza|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|tvár|cara|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|líce|mejilla|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|oko|ojo|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|ucho|oreja|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|obočie|ceja|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|mihalnica|pestaña|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|očné viečko|párpado|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|pera|labio|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|čelo|frente|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|brada|mentón|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|jazyk|lengua|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|zub|diente|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|ďasno|encía|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|necht|uña|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|vlas/chlp|pelo|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|sivé vlasy|cana|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|rameno|brazo|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|plece|hombro|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|lakeť|codo|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|prst|dedo|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|dlaň|palma|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|noha|pierna|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|členok|tobillo|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|lýtko|pantorrilla|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|stehno|muslo|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|koleno|rodilla|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|päta|talón|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|slabina|ingle|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|chrbát|espalda|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|driek|cintura + talle|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|bedro|cadera|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|hruď|pecho|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|chrbát (zviera)|lomo|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|brucho|vientre|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|brucho|barriga|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|zadok|culo|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|žalúdok|estómago|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|pažerák|esófago|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|srdce|corazón|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|slezina|bazo|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|oblička|riñón|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|kosť|hueso|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|kĺb|articulación|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|kĺb|juntura|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|šľacha|tendón|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|lebka|cráneo|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|rebro|costilla|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|lopatka|omóplato|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|chrupavka|cartílago|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|pleť|piel|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|mozog|cerebro|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|cieva|vaso|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|krv|sangre|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|tepna|arteria|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|žila|vena|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|žľaza|glándula|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|chlopňa|válvula|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|bunka|célula|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|orgán|órgano|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|krídlo|ala|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|vemeno|ubre|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|roh|cuerno|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|paroh|asta|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|parožie|cornamenta|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|kopyto|casco|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|paznecht|pezuña|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|pazúr|uña|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|chobot|trompa|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|ňufák|hocico|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|pysk|morro|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|rypák|jeta|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|zobák|pico|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|chápadlo|tentáculo|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|tykadlo|antena|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|žihadlo|aguijón|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|plutva|aleta|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|tesák|colmillo|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|sloní kel|marfil|False|False
espanol|biology/anatomy|pľuzgier|ampolla|False|False
espanol|culture/history|dejiny|historia|False|False
espanol|culture/history|pravek|prehistoria|False|False
espanol|culture/history|starovek|Antigüedad|False|False
espanol|culture/history|stredovek|Medievo|False|False
espanol|culture/history|cisár|emperador|False|False
espanol|culture/history|cisárovná|emperatriz|False|False
espanol|culture/history|kráľ|rey|False|False
espanol|culture/history|kráľovná|reina|False|False
espanol|culture/history|princ|príncipe|False|False
espanol|culture/history|princezná|princesa|False|False
espanol|culture/history|šľachta|nobleza|False|False
espanol|culture/history|gróf|conde|False|False
espanol|culture/history|vojvoda|duque|False|False
espanol|culture/history|rytier|caballero|False|False
espanol|culture/history|šľachtic|noble|False|False
espanol|culture/history|šľachtic|hidalgo|False|False
espanol|culture/history|šašo|bufón|False|False
espanol|culture/history|kat|verdugo|False|False
espanol|culture/history|hrad|castillo|False|False
espanol|culture/history|zámok|palacio|False|False
espanol|culture/history|trón|trono|False|False
espanol|culture/history|žezlo|cetro|False|False
espanol|culture/history|koruna|corona|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/cities|Londýn|Londres|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/cities|Paríž|París|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/cities|Moskva|Moscú|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/cities|Viedeň|Viena|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/cities|Praha|Praga|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/cities|Rim|Roma|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/cities|Atény|Atenas|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/cities|Istanbul|Estambul|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/cities|Peking|Pekín|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/cities|New York|Nueva York|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/cities|Káhira|El Cairo|False|False
russkiy|abstract/size|dlhý|дли́нный|False|False
russkiy|abstract/size|krátky|коро́ткий|False|False
russkiy|abstract/size|široký|широ́кий|False|False
russkiy|abstract/size|úzky|у́зкий|False|False
russkiy|abstract/size|vysoký|высо́кий|False|False
russkiy|abstract/size|nízky|ни́зкий|False|False
russkiy|abstract/size|veľký|кру́пный|False|False
chinese|priroda/fyzika|pohnúť|动 [dòng]|False|False
chinese|priroda/fyzika|pohyb|动作 [dòngzuò]|False|False
chinese|priroda/fyzika|zlomiť|断 [duàn]|False|False
chinese|priroda/fyzika|prehnúť [napol]|折 [zhé]|False|False
chinese|priroda/fyzika|ohnúť|弯 [wān]|False|False
chinese|priroda/fyzika|ťahať|扯 [chě]|False|False
chinese|priroda/fyzika|tlačiť|推 [tuī]|False|False
chinese|priroda/fyzika|pritlačiť|按 [àn]|False|False
chinese|priroda/fyzika|otáčať|转 [zhuǎn]|False|False
chinese|priroda/fyzika|trieť|磨 [mó]|False|False
chinese|priroda/fyzika|padnúť|掉下 [diàoxià]|False|False
chinese|priroda/fyzika|čas|时间 [shíjiān]|False|False
chinese|priroda/fyzika|rýchlosť|速度 [sùdù]|False|False
chinese|priroda/fyzika|rýchly|快 [kuài]|False|False
chinese|priroda/fyzika|pomalý|慢 [màn]|False|False
chinese|priroda/fyzika|hmotnosť|重量 [zhòngliàng]|False|False
chinese|priroda/fyzika|ťažký|重 [zhòng]|False|False
chinese|priroda/fyzika|ľahký|轻 [qīng]|False|False
chinese|priroda/fyzika|teplota|温度 [wēndù]|False|False
chinese|priroda/fyzika|teplý|温 [wēn]|False|False
chinese|priroda/fyzika|horúci|热 [rè]|False|False
chinese|priroda/fyzika|studený|冷 [lěng]|False|False
chinese|priroda/fyzika|rozmer|大小 [dàxiǎo]|False|False
chinese|priroda/fyzika|veľký|大 [dà]|False|False
chinese|priroda/fyzika|malý|小 [xiǎo]|False|False
chinese|priroda/fyzika|dlhý|长 [cháng]|False|False
chinese|priroda/fyzika|krátky|短 [duǎn]|False|False
chinese|priroda/fyzika|vysoký|高 [gāo]|False|False
chinese|priroda/fyzika|nízky|矮 [ǎi]|False|False
chinese|priroda/fyzika|široký|宽 [kuān]|False|False
chinese|priroda/fyzika|úzky|窄 [zhǎi]|False|False
espanol|culture/umenie|umenie|arte|False|False
espanol|culture/umenie|socha|estatua|False|False
espanol|culture/umenie|obraz|cuadro|False|False
espanol|culture/umenie|maľba|pintura|False|False
espanol|culture/umenie|plátno|lienzo|False|False
espanol|culture/umenie|hudba|música|False|False
espanol|culture/umenie|tanec|baile|False|False
espanol|culture/umenie|husle|violín|False|False
espanol|culture/umenie|klavír|piano|False|False
espanol|culture/umenie|bubon|tambor|False|False
espanol|culture/umenie|harfa|arpa|False|False
espanol|culture/umenie|pieseň|canción|False|False
espanol|culture/umenie|báseň|poema|False|False
espanol|culture/umenie|kresliť|dibujar|False|False
espanol|culture/umenie|spievať|cantar|False|False
espanol|culture/umenie|tancovať|bailar|False|False
espanol|culture/umenie|divadlo|teatro|False|False
espanol|culture/umenie|kino|cine|False|False
espanol|culture/umenie|scenár|guion|False|False
espanol|culture/umenie|film|película|False|False
espanol|culture/umenie|umelec|artista|False|False
espanol|culture/umenie|herec|actor|False|False
espanol|culture/umenie|sochár|escultor|False|False
espanol|culture/umenie|spevák|cantante|False|False
espanol|culture/umenie|tanečník|bailarín|False|False
deutsch|economy/health|mydlo|e Seife/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/health|uterák|s Handtuch/ü-er|True|False
deutsch|economy/health|sprchový gél|s Duschgel/s|False|False
deutsch|economy/health|šampón|s Shampoo/s|False|False
deutsch|economy/health|zubná kefka|e Zahnbürste/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/health|holiaci strojček|r Rasierer|False|False
deutsch|economy/health|toaleta|e Toilette/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/health|záchod|s Klo/s|False|False
deutsch|economy/health|umývadlo|s Waschbecken|False|False
deutsch|economy/health|kúpať sa|baden|True|False
deutsch|economy/health|vaňa|e Badewanne/n|False|True
deutsch|economy/health|sprcha|e Dusche/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/health|sprchovať sa|duschen|False|True
deutsch|economy/health|holiť|rasieren|False|False
deutsch|economy/health|čistý|sauber|True|False
deutsch|economy/health|čistý|rein|False|False
deutsch|economy/health|absolútne čistý|lupenrein|False|True
deutsch|economy/health|špina|r Schmutz|True|False
deutsch|economy/health|špinavý|schmutzig|False|True
deutsch|economy/health|špina (hovorovo)|r Dreck|False|False
deutsch|economy/health|zašpiniť|verdrecken|False|True
deutsch|economy/health|poriadok|e Ordnung|False|False
deutsch|economy/health|upratovať|aufräumen|True|False
deutsch|economy/health|čistiť|reinigen + putzen + säubern|True|False
deutsch|economy/health|drhnúť|schrubben|False|False
deutsch|economy/health|drhnúť|scheuern|False|False
deutsch|economy/health|opláchnuť|spülen|False|False
deutsch|economy/health|zametať|fegen|False|False
deutsch|economy/health|vyzametať|ausfegen|False|True
deutsch|economy/health|umývať|waschen/wäscht/wusch/gewaschen|True|False
deutsch|economy/health|žehliť|bügeln|True|False
deutsch|economy/health|prevliecť periny|beziehen/bezog/bezogen|False|False
deutsch|economy/health|zašpiniť|versauen|False|False
deutsch|economy/health|pošpiniť|besudeln|False|False
deutsch|economy/health|handra|r Lappen|True|False
deutsch|economy/health|špongia|r Schwamm/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|economy/health|prachovka|r Wedel|False|False
deutsch|economy/health|zmyť|abspülen|False|False
deutsch|economy/health|sprchová hlavica|r Duschkopf + r Brausekopf|False|False
deutsch|economy/health|závit|s Gewinde|False|False
deutsch|culture/language|jazyk|e Sprache/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/language|reč|e Rede/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/language|nárečie|e Mundart/en|False|False
deutsch|culture/language|pojem|r Begriff/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/language|veta|r Satz/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|culture/language|slovo|s Wort/ö-er|True|False
deutsch|culture/language|volať|rufen/rief/gerufen|True|False
deutsch|culture/language|zavolať|anrufen/rief/angerufen|True|False
deutsch|culture/language|hovoriť|sprechen/spricht/sprach/gesprochen|True|False
deutsch|culture/language|povedať|sagen|True|False
deutsch|culture/language|veľavravný|vielsagend|False|True
deutsch|culture/language|rozprávať|reden (über) + erzählen|True|False
deutsch|culture/language|vyprávať|plaudern (über)|False|False
deutsch|culture/language|výslovnosť|e Aussprache + e Lautung|True|False
deutsch|culture/language|slabika|e Silbe|False|False
deutsch|culture/language|hláska|s Phon + r Sprachlaut|False|False
deutsch|culture/language|samohláska|r Vokal + r Selbstlaut|False|False
deutsch|culture/language|spoluhláska|r Konsonant + r Mitlaut|False|False
deutsch|culture/language|sloveso|s Verb/en|True|False
deutsch|culture/language|člen|r Artikel|False|False
deutsch|culture/language|podstatné meno|s Substantiv + s Nomen|False|False
deutsch|culture/language|prídavné meno|s Adjektiv|False|False
deutsch|culture/language|zámeno|s Pronomen|False|False
deutsch|culture/language|číslovka|s Numerale + s Zahlwort|False|False
deutsch|culture/language|príslovka|s Adverb|False|False
deutsch|culture/language|predložka|e Präposition|False|False
deutsch|culture/language|spojka|e Konjunktion|False|False
deutsch|culture/language|preložiť|übersetzen|False|False
deutsch|culture/language|doslovný|wortwörtlich|False|False
deutsch|culture/language|doslova|förmlich|False|False
deutsch|culture/magic|trpaslík|r Zwerg/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/magic|obor|r Riese/n + r Hüne/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/magic|drak|r Drache/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/magic|víla|e Fee/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/magic|jednorožec|s Einhorn/ö-er|True|False
deutsch|culture/magic|čert|r Teufel|True|False
deutsch|culture/magic|anjel|r Engel|True|False
deutsch|culture/magic|démon|r Dämon/en|True|False
deutsch|culture/magic|upír|r Vampir/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/magic|vlkolak|r Werwolf|True|False
deutsch|culture/magic|morská víla|e Wassernixe|False|False
deutsch|culture/magic|duch|r Geist/er|True|False
deutsch|culture/magic|strašidlo|s Gespenst/er + r Spuk/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/magic|príšera|s Ungeheuer|False|False
deutsch|culture/magic|obluda|s Ungetüm/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/magic|netvor|s Scheusal/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/magic|mágia|e Magie + e Zauberei|True|False
deutsch|culture/magic|kúzlo|r Zauber + e Hexerei|True|False
deutsch|culture/magic|čarovať|zaubern + hexen|True|False
deutsch|culture/magic|čarodejník|r Zauberer + r Magier|False|False
deutsch|culture/magic|zariekadlo|r Zauberspruch/ü-e|False|False
deutsch|culture/magic|zakliať|verzaubern|False|False
deutsch|culture/magic|zakliatie|e Verzauberung/en|False|False
deutsch|culture/magic|zaklínať|beschwören/beschwor/beschworen|False|False
deutsch|culture/magic|striga|e Hexe/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/magic|zaklínač|r Beschwörer|False|False
deutsch|culture/magic|fantastický|fantastisch|True|False
deutsch|culture/magic|magický|magisch|False|False
deutsch|culture/magic|čarovný|zauberisch|False|False
deutsch|culture/magic|bájny|sagenhaft|False|False
deutsch|culture/magic|nadprirodzený|übersinnlich|False|False
deutsch|culture/magic|prekliať|verwünschen + verfluchen|False|False
deutsch|culture/magic|prekliatie|e Verwünschung/en + e Verfluchung/en|False|False
deutsch|culture/magic|zaklínadlo|e Beschwörung/en|False|False
deutsch|culture/magic|čarovná palička|r Zauberstab/ä-e|False|False
deutsch|culture/magic|zaklínadlo|e Zauberformel/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/magic|elixír|s Elixier/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/magic|talizman|s Amulett/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/magic|zverokruh|r Tierkreis|False|False
deutsch|culture/magic|znamenie|s Sternzeichen + s Tierkreiszeichen|False|False
deutsch|culture/magic|kozorožec|r Steinbock|False|False
deutsch|culture/magic|vodnár|r Wassermann|False|False
deutsch|culture/magic|ryby|e Fische|False|False
deutsch|culture/magic|baran|r Widder|False|False
deutsch|culture/magic|býk|r Stier|False|False
deutsch|culture/magic|blíženci|e Zwillinge|False|False
deutsch|culture/magic|rak|r Krebs|False|False
deutsch|culture/magic|lev|r Löwe|False|False
deutsch|culture/magic|panna|e Jungfrau|False|False
deutsch|culture/magic|váhy|e Waage|False|False
deutsch|culture/magic|škorpión|r Skorpion|False|False
deutsch|culture/magic|strelec|r Schütze|False|False
espanol|economy/financie|financie|finanzas|False|False
espanol|economy/financie|peniaze|dinero|False|False
espanol|economy/financie|mena|moneda|False|False
espanol|economy/financie|minca|moneda|False|False
espanol|economy/financie|bankovka|billete|False|False
espanol|economy/financie|platiť|pagar|False|False
espanol|economy/financie|sporiť|ahorrar|False|False
espanol|economy/financie|účtovať|cobrar|False|False
espanol|economy/financie|vybrať/získať|recaudar|False|False
espanol|economy/financie|úrok|interés|False|False
espanol|economy/financie|účet|cuenta|False|False
espanol|economy/financie|sporenie|ahorro|False|False
espanol|economy/financie|pôžička|préstamo|False|False
espanol|economy/financie|platba|pago|False|False
espanol|economy/financie|poplatok|tasa|False|False
espanol|economy/financie|daň|impuesto|False|False
espanol|economy/financie|nájom|alquiler|False|False
espanol|economy/financie|pokuta|multa|False|False
espanol|economy/financie|požičať|prestar|False|False
espanol|economy/financie|darovať|donar|False|False
espanol|economy/financie|prenajať|alquilar|False|False
espanol|economy/financie|prenajímať|arrendar|False|False
espanol|economy/financie|predať|vender|False|False
espanol|economy/financie|kúpiť|comprar|False|False
espanol|economy/financie|banka|banco|False|False
espanol|economy/financie|poisťovňa|aseguradora|False|False
espanol|economy/financie|dražba|subasta|False|False
espanol|economy/financie|prihodenie v dražbe|puja|False|False
espanol|economy/financie|poklad|tesoro|False|False
espanol|economy/financie|drahý|caro|False|False
espanol|economy/financie|lacný|barato|False|False
espanol|economy/financie|cenný|valioso|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Čína|中国 [zhōngguó]|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Japonsko|日本 [rìběn]|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Južná kórea|韩国 [hánguó]|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|India|印度 [yìndù]|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Turecko|土耳其 [tǔěrqí]|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Pakistan|巴基斯坦 [bājīsītǎn]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Indonézia|印度尼西亚 [yìndùníxīyà]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Malajzia|马来西亚 [mǎláixīyà]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Filipíny|菲律宾 [fēilǜbīn]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Thajsko|泰国 [tàiguó]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Vietnam|越南 [yuènán]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Irán|伊朗 [yīlǎng]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Saudská arábia|沙特阿拉伯 [shātè ālābó]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Irak|伊拉克 [yīlākè]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Sýria|叙利亚 [xùlìyà]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Mongolsko|蒙古 [měnggǔ]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Rusko|俄罗斯 [èluósī]|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Nemecko|德国 [déguó]|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Spojené kráľovstvo|英国 [yīngguó]|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Francúzsko|法国  [fǎguó]|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Taliansko|意大利 [yìdàlì]|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Španielsko|西班牙 [xībānyá]|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Holandsko|荷兰 [hélán]|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Poľsko|波兰 [bōlán]|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Švajčiarsko|e Schweiz|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Rakúsko|s Österreich|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Portugalsko|s Por­tu­gal|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Belgicko|s Belgien|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Írsko|s Irland|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Švédsko|s Schweden|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Dánsko|s Dänemark|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Nórsko|s Norwegen|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Fínsko|s Finnland|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Grécko|s Griechenland|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Ukrajina|e Ukraine|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Bielorusko|s Weissrussland|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Rumunsko|s Rumänien|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Bulharsko|s Bulgarien|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Maďarsko|s Ungarn|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Česko|s Tschechien|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Slovensko|e Slowakei|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Chorvátsko|s Kroatien|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Srbsko|s Serbien|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Litva|s Litauen|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Lotyšsko|s Lettland|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Estónsko|s Estland|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Južná afrika|s Südafrika|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Egypt|s Ägypten|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Alžírsko|s Algerien|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Maroko|s Marokko|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Tunisko|s Tunesien|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Líbya|s Libyen|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Sudán|s Sudan|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Etiópia|s Äthiopien|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Somálsko|s Somalia|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Keňa|s Kenia|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Tanzánia|s Tansania|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Nigéria|s Nigeria|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Spojené štáty|美国 [měiguó]|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Kanada|加拿大 [jiānádà]|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Grónsko|格陵兰 [gélínglán]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Mexiko|墨西哥 [mòxīgē]|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Brazília|巴西 [bāxī]|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Argentína|阿根廷 [āgēntíng]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Čile|智利 [zhìlì]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Peru|秘鲁 [bìlǔ]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Bolívia|s Bolivien|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Kolumbia|s Kolumbien|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Venezuela|s Venezuela|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Ekvádor|s Ecuador|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Austrália|澳大利亚 [àodàlìyà]|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/štáty|Nový zéland|新西兰 [xīnxīlán]|True|False
chinese|živé telo/feeling|pocit|情 [qíng]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/feeling|emócia|感情 [gǎnqíng]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/feeling|nálada|心情 [xīnqíng]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/feeling|láska|爱情 [àiqíng]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/feeling|súcitiť|同情 [tóngqíng]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/feeling|báť sa|怕 [pà]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/feeling|mať obavy|担心 [dānxīn]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/feeling|strach|恐怕 [kǒngpà]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/feeling|des|恐惧 [kǒngjù]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/feeling|hrôza|恐怖 [kǒngbù]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/feeling|panikáriť|恐慌 [kǒnghuāng]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/feeling|šťastný|快乐 [kuàilè] + 愉快 [yúkuài]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/feeling|radosť|喜悦 [xǐyuè] + 愉悦 [yúyuè]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/feeling|prekvapenie|惊喜 [jīngxǐ]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/feeling|ohromiť|吃惊 [chījīng]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/feeling|nenávidieť|仇恨 [chóuhèn]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/feeling|nenávisť|怨恨 [yuànhèn] + 憎恨 [zēnghèn]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/feeling|ľutovať|后悔 [hòuhuǐ]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/feeling|mizerný|惨 [cǎn]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/feeling|melanchólia|忧郁 [yōuyù]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/feeling|úzkosť|忧虑 [yōulǜ]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/feeling|ľutovať|可怜 [kělián]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/feeling|súcit|怜悯 [liánmǐn]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/feeling|trápenie|烦恼 [fánnǎo]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/feeling|nahnevaný|恼火 [nǎohuǒ]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/feeling|hnev|愤怒 [fènnù]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/feeling|hanbiť sa|惭愧 [cánkuì]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/feeling|hanblivosť|胆怯 [dǎnqiè]|False|False
russkiy|nature/material|guma|рези́на|False|False
russkiy|nature/material|plech|жесть|False|False
russkiy|nature/material|síra|се́ра|False|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|zelenina|蔬菜 [shūcài]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|zemiak|土豆 [tǔdòu]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|batata|红薯 [hóngshǔ] + 地瓜 [dìguā]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|paradajka|番茄 [fānqié]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|baklažán|茄子 [qiézi]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|paprika|r Paprika|False|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|uhorka|黄瓜 [huángguā]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|tekvica|南瓜 [nánguā]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|dyňa|西瓜 [xīguā]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|šalát|生菜 [shēngcài]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|artičok|洋蓟 [yángjì]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|špenát|菠菜 [bōcài]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|repa|甜菜 [tiáncài]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|cukrová repa|糖用甜菜 [tángyòng tiáncài]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|kapusta|卷心菜 [juǎnxīncài] + 圆白菜 [yuánbáicài] + 洋白菜 [yángbáicài]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|kel|羽衣甘蓝 [yǔyī gānlán]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|kaleráb|苤蓝 [piělán]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|brokolica|西兰花 [xī lánhuā]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|karfiol|花椰菜 [huāyēcài]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|ružičkový kel|抱子甘蓝 [bàozǐ gānlán]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|cibuľa|洋葱 [yángcōng]|True|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|cesnak|[大]蒜 [dàsuàn]|True|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|pór|韭葱 [jiǔcōng]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|pažitka|韭菜 [jiǔcài]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|strukovina|豆类 [dòu lèi]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|hrach|豌豆 [wāndòu]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|fazuľa|菜豆 [càidòu] + 红豆/紅豆 [hóngdòu]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|šošovica|小扁豆 [xiǎo biǎndòu]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|cícer|鹰嘴豆 [yīngzuǐdòu]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|sója|大豆 [dàdòu] + 黄豆 [huángdòu]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|ryža|米饭 [mǐfàn] + 白饭 [báifàn]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|kukurica|玉米 [yùmǐ] + 包谷 [bāogǔ]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|pšenica|小麦 [xiǎomài]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|raž|黑麦 [hēimài]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|ovos|燕麦 [yànmài]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|jačmeň|大麦 [dàmài]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|proso|小米 [xiǎomǐ]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|mrkva|胡萝卜 [hú luóbo]|True|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|petržlen|荷兰芹 [hélánqín]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|zeler|芹菜 [qíncài]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/zelenina|reďkovka|水萝卜 [shuǐ luóbo]|False|False
chinese|priroda/material|materiál|材料 [cáiliào]|False|False
chinese|priroda/material|sklo|玻璃 [bōli]|False|False
chinese|priroda/material|ropa|石油 [shíyóu]|False|False
chinese|priroda/material|uhlie|煤炭 [méitàn]|False|False
chinese|priroda/material|kov|金属 [jīnshǔ]|False|False
chinese|priroda/material|plast|塑料 [sùliào]|False|False
chinese|priroda/material|papier|纸张 [zhǐzhāng]|False|False
chinese|priroda/material|diamant|钻石 [zuànshí]|False|False
chinese|priroda/material|drahokam|宝石 [bǎoshí]|False|False
chinese|priroda/material|meď|铜 [tóng]|False|False
chinese|priroda/material|bronz|青铜 [qīngtóng]|False|True
chinese|priroda/material|mosadz|黄铜 [huángtóng]|False|True
chinese|priroda/material|striebro|白银 [báiyín]|False|False
chinese|priroda/material|ortuť|水银 [shuǐyín]|False|True
chinese|priroda/material|zlato|黄金 [huángjīn]|False|False
chinese|priroda/material|platina|白金 [báijīn]|False|True
chinese|priroda/material|hliník|铝 [lǚ]|False|False
chinese|priroda/material|cín|锡 [xī]|False|False
chinese|priroda/material|olovo|铅 [qiān]|False|False
chinese|priroda/material|urán|铀 [yóu]|False|False
chinese|priroda/material|sodík|钠 [nà]|False|False
chinese|priroda/material|horčík|镁 [měi]|False|False
chinese|priroda/material|draslík|钾 [jiǎ]|False|False
chinese|priroda/material|vápnik|钙 [gài]|False|False
chinese|priroda/material|železo|铁 [tiě]|False|False
chinese|priroda/material|oceľ|钢铁 [gāngtiě]|False|True
chinese|priroda/material|nikel|镍 [niè]|False|False
chinese|priroda/material|zinok|锌 [xīn]|False|False
chinese|priroda/material|uhlík|碳 [tàn]|False|False
chinese|priroda/material|kremík|硅 [guī]|False|False
chinese|priroda/material|fosfor|磷 [lín]|False|False
chinese|priroda/material|síra|硫 [liú]|False|False
chinese|priroda/material|arzén|砷 [shēn]|False|False
chinese|priroda/material|vodík|氢气 [qīngqì]|False|False
chinese|priroda/material|hélium|氦 [hài]|False|False
chinese|priroda/material|dusík|氮气 [dànqì]|False|False
chinese|priroda/material|kyslík|氧气 [yǎngqì]|False|False
chinese|priroda/material|fluór|氟 [fú]|False|False
chinese|priroda/material|chlór|氯气 [lǜqì]|False|False
russkiy|abstract/risk|riziko|риск|False|False
russkiy|abstract/risk|poplach|трево́га|False|False
russkiy|abstract/risk|poplašný|трево́жный|False|True
espanol|economy/services|čašník|camarero|False|False
espanol|economy/services|hotel|hotel|False|False
espanol|economy/services|reštaurácia|restaurante|False|False
espanol|economy/services|kaderník|peluquero|False|False
espanol|economy/services|sprievodca|guía|False|False
espanol|economy/services|zájazd|viaje|False|False
chinese|abstract/beauty|pekný|漂亮 [piàoliang]|False|False
chinese|abstract/beauty|krásny|美丽 [měilì]|False|False
chinese|abstract/beauty|nádherný|华丽 [huálì]|False|False
chinese|abstract/beauty|škaredý|丑陋 [chǒulòu]|False|False
chinese|abstract/beauty|strašný|糟糕 [zāogāo]|False|False
chinese|abstract/beauty|mať rád|喜欢 [xǐhuan]|False|False
chinese|abstract/beauty|ľúbiť|爱 [ài]|False|False
chinese|abstract/beauty|láska|爱情 [àiqíng]|False|False
chinese|abstract/beauty|nenávidieť|恨 [hèn]|False|False
chinese|abstract/beauty|populárny|流行 [liúxíng]|False|False
chinese|abstract/beauty|slávny|有名 [yǒumíng]|False|False
chinese|abstract/beauty|sláva|名声 [míngshēng]|False|False
chinese|abstract/beauty|poznať|认识 [rènshi]|False|False
chinese|abstract/beauty|obdiv|钦佩 [qīnpèi]|False|False
chinese|abstract/beauty|obdivovať|佩服 [pèifú]|False|False
chinese|abstract/beauty|príjemný|舒服 [shūfu]|False|False
chinese|abstract/beauty|protivný|讨厌 [tǎoyàn]|False|False
chinese|abstract/beauty|zákerný|阴险 [yīnxiǎn]|False|False
russkiy|life/sound|vrčať|ворчать|False|False
russkiy|life/sound|zavrčať|проворча́ть|False|True
russkiy|life/sound|štekať|лаять|False|False
russkiy|life/sound|mňaukať|мяукать|False|False
russkiy|life/sound|pišťať|визжа́ть|False|False
russkiy|life/sound|šuchot|шорох|False|False
russkiy|life/sound|rachot|гро́хот|False|False
russkiy|life/sound|rachotiť|грохота́ть|False|True
espanol|culture/politika|politika|política|False|False
espanol|culture/politika|vláda|gobierno|False|False
espanol|culture/politika|ústava|constitución|False|False
espanol|culture/politika|ministerstvo|ministerio|False|False
espanol|culture/politika|veľvyslanectvo|embajada|False|False
espanol|culture/politika|monarchia|monarquía|False|False
espanol|culture/politika|krajina|país|False|False
espanol|culture/politika|okres|distrito|False|False
espanol|culture/politika|vlasť|patria|False|False
espanol|culture/politika|zahraničie|extranjero|False|False
espanol|culture/politika|politik|político|False|False
espanol|culture/politika|starosta|alcalde|False|False
espanol|culture/politika|prezident|presidente|False|False
espanol|culture/politika|poslanec|diputado|False|False
espanol|culture/politika|veľvyslanec|embajador|False|False
chinese|potraviny/živočíšne|mäso|肉 [ròu]|True|False
chinese|potraviny/živočíšne|kurča|鸡肉 [jīròu]|True|False
chinese|potraviny/živočíšne|hydina|禽肉 [qínròu]|True|False
chinese|potraviny/živočíšne|hovädzina|牛肉 [niúròu]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/živočíšne|teľacina|小牛肉 [xiǎo niúròu]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/živočíšne|bravčovina|猪肉 [zhūròu]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/živočíšne|jahňacina|羊肉 [yángròu]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/živočíšne|slanina|熏肉 [xūn ròu]|True|False
chinese|potraviny/živočíšne|klobása|香肠 [xiāngcháng]|True|False
chinese|potraviny/živočíšne|šunka|火腿 [huǒtuǐ]|True|False
chinese|potraviny/živočíšne|párok|肠仔 [chángzǐ]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/živočíšne|mlieko|牛奶 [niúnǎi]|True|False
chinese|potraviny/živočíšne|syr|起司 [qǐ sī] + 芝士 [zhīshì]|True|False
chinese|potraviny/živočíšne|maslo|牛油 [niúyóu] + 黄油 [huángyóu]|True|False
chinese|potraviny/živočíšne|smotana|奶油 [nǎiyóu]|True|False
chinese|potraviny/živočíšne|tvaroh|凝乳 [níngrǔ]|True|False
chinese|potraviny/živočíšne|vajce|鸡蛋 [jīdàn]|True|False
chinese|potraviny/živočíšne|žĺtok|蛋黄 [dànhuáng]|True|False
chinese|potraviny/živočíšne|bielok|蛋白 [dànbái]|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/umiestnenie|umiestniť|platzieren|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/umiestnenie|uložiť niekam|einräumen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/umiestnenie|visieť|hängen/hing/gehangen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/umiestnenie|zavesiť|aufhängen + anhängen + einhängen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/umiestnenie|zvesiť|abhängen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/umiestnenie|ovešať|behängen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/umiestnenie|vyčnievať|ragen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/umiestnenie|posunúť|rücken + verrücken|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/umiestnenie|postaviť|stellen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/umiestnenie|premiestniť|versetzen|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|pán|Hr.|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|pani|Fr.|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|slečna|Frl.|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|respektíve|bzw.|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|napríklad|z.B. + bspw.|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|a tak ďalej|usw.|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|to znamená|d.h.|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|a iné|u.a.|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|niečo|etw.|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|podľa mňa|m.E.|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|prípadne|evtl.|False|False
deutsch|abbreviations|a|u.|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|alebo|od.|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|prípadne|u.U.|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|všeobecný|allg.|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|ohľadom|bzgl.|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|poprípade|ggf.|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|porovnaj|vgl.|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|vrátane|zzgl.|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|v súčasnosti|z.Z. + zz.|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|narodený|geb.|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|zomretý|gest.|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|podpísaný|gez.|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|ako hore|w.o.|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|pozri nižšie|s.u.|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|pozri vyššie|s.o.|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|pozri aj|s.a.|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|číslo|Nr.|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|tisíc|Tsd.|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|milión|Mio.|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|miliarda|Mrd.|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|hodina|Std.|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|storočie|Jh.|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|mesačne|mtl.|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|ročne|jhrl.|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|pred našim letopočtom|v.u.Z. + v.Chr.|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|nášho letopočtu|n.u.Z. + n.Chr.|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|strana|S.|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|obrázok|Abb.|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|skratka|Abk.|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|PSČ|PLZ|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|DPH|MwSt.|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|s.r.o.|GmbH|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|a.s.|AG|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|ústava|GG|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|občiansky zákonník|BGB|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|obchodný zákonník|HGB|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|trestný zákonník|StGB|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|všeobecné obchodné podmienky|AGB|True|False
deutsch|abbreviations|nasledujúci|ff.|False|False
deutsch|abbreviations|hovorovo|ugs.|False|False
deutsch|abbreviations|MHD|ÖPNV (öffentlicher Personennahverkehr)|False|False
deutsch|abbreviations|freóny|FCKW (Fluorchlorkohlenwasserstoffe)|False|False
deutsch|abbreviations|otorinolaryngológia|HNO (Hals-Nasen-Ohren)|False|False
deutsch|abbreviations|nadzemné podlažie|OB (Obergeschoss)|False|False
deutsch|abbreviations|podkrovie|DG (Dachgeschoss)|False|False
deutsch|abbreviations|prízemie|EG (Erdgeschoss)|False|False
deutsch|abbreviations|suterén|UG (Untergeschoss)|False|False
deutsch|abbreviations|bez ohľadu na pohlavie|gn* (geschlechtsneutral)|False|False
deutsch|abbreviations|s pozdravom|MfG (mit freundlichem Grüssen)|False|False
deutsch|abbreviations|umelá inteligencia|KI (künstliche Intelligenz)|False|False
deutsch|abbreviations|RPG|RSP (Rollenspiel)|False|False
chinese|economy/religion|boh|神 [shén]|False|False
chinese|economy/religion|anjel|天使 [tiānshǐ]|False|False
chinese|economy/religion|nebo|天堂 [tiāntáng]|False|False
chinese|economy/religion|peklo|地狱 [dìyù]|False|False
chinese|economy/religion|démon|魔鬼 [móguǐ]|False|False
chinese|economy/religion|kostol|教堂 [jiàotáng]|False|False
chinese|economy/religion|kňaz|牧师 [mùshī]|False|False
chinese|economy/religion|pápež|教皇 [jiàohuáng]|False|False
chinese|economy/religion|svätý|圣 [shèng]|False|False
chinese|economy/religion|biblia|圣经 [shèngjīng]|False|False
chinese|economy/religion|cintorín|墓地 [mùdì]|False|False
chinese|economy/religion|hrob|坟墓 [fénmù]|False|False
chinese|economy/religion|pohreb|丧 [sāng] + 葬礼 [zànglǐ]|False|False
chinese|economy/religion|pochovať|埋葬 [máizàng]|False|False
chinese|economy/religion|uctievať|崇拜 [chóngbài]|False|False
chinese|economy/religion|modliť sa|祈祷 [qídǎo]|False|False
chinese|economy/religion|kresťanstvo|基督教 [jīdūjiào]|False|False
chinese|economy/religion|islam|回教 [huíjiào]|False|False
chinese|economy/religion|hinduizmus|印度教 [yìndùjiào]|False|False
chinese|economy/religion|budhizmus|佛教 [fójiào]|False|False
chinese|economy/religion|Ježiš|耶稣 [yēsū]|False|False
deutsch|human/character|krutý|grausam|True|False
chinese|economy/gastro|kuchár|厨师 [chúshī]|False|False
chinese|economy/gastro|reštaurácia|餐馆 [cānguǎn]|False|False
chinese|economy/gastro|hrniec|锅 [guō]|False|False
chinese|economy/gastro|lyžica|勺子 [sháozi]|False|False
chinese|economy/gastro|varecha|木勺 [mùsháo]|False|False
chinese|economy/gastro|nôž|刀子 [dāozi]|False|False
chinese|economy/gastro|vidlička|叉子 [chāzi]|False|False
chinese|economy/gastro|paličky|筷子 [kuàizi]|False|False
chinese|economy/gastro|pohár|杯子 [bēizi]|False|False
chinese|economy/gastro|tanier|盘子 [pánzi]|False|False
chinese|economy/gastro|krájať|切 [qiē]|False|False
chinese|economy/gastro|piecť|烤 [kǎo]|False|False
chinese|economy/gastro|smažiť|炸 [zhá]|False|False
chinese|economy/gastro|dusiť|炖 [dùn]|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|rybár|рыбак|True|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|chytať ryby|рыбачить|True|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|drevorubač|лесоруб|True|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|farmár|фермер|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|pastier|пастух|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|kosiť|косить|True|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|slama|солома|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|seno|сено|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|hnoj|навоз|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|vinič|виноград|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|slad|солод|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|ryť|рыть|True|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|sadiť|садить + сажать|True|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|presadiť|пересадить|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|zasadiť|посадить|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|pestovať|выращивать|True|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|zalievať|заливать|True|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|hnojiť|удобрять|True|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|hnojivo|удобрение|True|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|poľnohospodárstvo|земледелие|True|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|sedliak|крестьянин|True|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|farma|ферма|True|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|maštaľ|хлев|True|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|stajňa|конюшня|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|pole|поле|True|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|úhor (neobrábané pole)|пар|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|siať|сеять|True|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|žať|жать|True|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|oberať|обирать|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|úroda|урожай|True|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|stodola|сарай|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|krmivo|корм + фураж|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|orať|пахать|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|pluh|плуг|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|kombajn|комбайн|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|traktor|трактор|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|obilie|хлеб|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|priesek|просек|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|vyrúbať|вырубить|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|včelár|пчеловод + пасечник|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|pastier|пастух|True|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|dobytok|скот|True|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|jarmo|ярмо|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|krotký|приручённый|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|sliepka|курица|True|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|kohút|петух|True|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|kuriatko|цыплёнок|True|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|krava|корова|True|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|býr|бык|True|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|teľa|s Kalb|True|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|prasa|s Schwein|True|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|sviňa|e Sau|True|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|prasiatko|s Ferkel / s Schweinchen|True|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|ovca|овца|True|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|jahňa|ягненок|True|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|baran|баран|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|koza|коза|True|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|cap|козел|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|pes|собака|True|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|šťeňa|щенок|True|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|suka|e Hündin|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|mačka|кошка|True|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|mačiatko|s Kätzchen|True|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|kocúr|кот|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|kôň|s Pferd|True|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|žrebec|r Hengst|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|kobyla|e Stute|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|žriebä|s Fohlen|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|vraník (čierny kôň)|r Rappe/n|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|šimeľ (biely kôň)|r Schimmel|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|mul|s Maultier/e|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|morka|e Pute/n|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|sedlo|седло́|True|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|podkova|подко́ва|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|uzda|узда́|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|opraty|r Zügel|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|strmeň|r Steigbügel|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|ostroha|r Sporn/Sporen|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|bič|бич|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|kanec|r Eber|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|tátoš|s Ross/e|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|búda|конура́|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|náhubok|намо́рдник|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|obojok|оше́йник|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|reťaz|цепь|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|uviazať ku kolu|anpflocken|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|vypitvať|ausweiden|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|štvať/poháňať|hetzen|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|trávnik|газо́н|False|False
russkiy|economy/agriculture|zver|дичь|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-mäsožravce|tuleň|海豹 [hǎibào]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-mäsožravce|uškatec|海狮 [hǎishī]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-mäsožravce|mrož|海象 [hǎixiàng]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-mäsožravce|mýval|浣熊 [huànxióng]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-mäsožravce|lasica|鼬 [yòu]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-mäsožravce|kuna|貂 [diāo]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-mäsožravce|vydra|水獺 [shuǐtǎ]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-mäsožravce|jazvec|獾 [huān]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-mäsožravce|rosomák|貂熊 [diāoxióng]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-mäsožravce|tchor|臭猫 [chòumāo]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-mäsožravce|mačka|猫 [māo]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-mäsožravce|lev|狮子 [shīzi]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-mäsožravce|tiger|[老]虎 [lǎohǔ]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-mäsožravce|jaguár|美洲豹 [měizhōu bào]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-mäsožravce|leopard|豹子 [bàozi]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-mäsožravce|gepard|猎豹 [lièbào]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-mäsožravce|puma|美洲狮 [měizhōu shī]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-mäsožravce|rys|猞猁 [shēlì]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-mäsožravce|hyena|鬣狗 [liègǒu]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-mäsožravce|medveď|熊 [xióng]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-mäsožravce|vlk|狼 [láng]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-mäsožravce|líška|狐狸 [húlí]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-mäsožravce|šakal|胡狼 [húláng]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-mäsožravce|kojot|郊狼 [jiāoláng]|False|False
deutsch|pronunciation|long: before 1 consonant|before H|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|tvar|forma|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|veľkosť|tamaño|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|krátky|corto|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|dlhý|largo|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|veľký|grande|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|malý|pequeño|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|úzky|estrecho|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|široký|ancho|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|vysoký|alto|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|nízky|bajo|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|hlboký|hondo|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|hlboký|profundo|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|šikmý|sesgo|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|rovný|directo|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|krivý|corvo|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|plochý|llano|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|skrátiť|acortar|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|predĺžiť|alargar|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|zväčšiť|agrandar|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|zmenšiť|disminuir|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|rozšíriť|ampliar|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|zúžiť|estrechar|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|zvýšiť|aumentar|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|zvýšiť|alzar|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|znížiť|bajar|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|objem|volumen|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|obsah|contenido|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|obvod|perímetro|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|polomer|radio|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|priemer|diámetro|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|rozloha|cabida|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|plocha|área|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|okraj|borde|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|roh|punta|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|hrana|arista|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|diera|agujero|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|trhlina|hendidura|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|štrbina|boquete|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|prasklina|grieta|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|zárez|muesca + mella|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|hrboľ|bulto|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|škvrna|mancha|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|kruh|círculo|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|štvorec|cuadro|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|trojuholník|triángulo|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|obdĺžnik|rectángulo|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|lichobežník|trapecio|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|kosoštvorec|rombo|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|kosodĺžnik|romboide|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|kocka|cubo|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|valec|cilindro|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|guľa|globo|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|kužeľ|cono|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|kváder|ortoedro|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|bublina|burbuja|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|kvapka|gota|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|koleso|rueda|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|priamka|recta|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|krivka|curva|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|čiara|línea|False|False
espanol|abstract/tvary|bod|punto|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|kastról|cazuela|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|panvica|sartén|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|hrniec|olla|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|pokrievka|tapa|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|lievik|embudo|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|strúhadlo|rallador|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|lyžica|cuchara|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|nôž|cuchillo|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|vidlička|tenedor|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|slamka|pajilla|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|naberačka|cucharón|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|stierka|espátula|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|sitko|tamiz|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|cedidlo|colador|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|zberačka|espumadera|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|škrabka|pelador|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|šľahač|batidor|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|varecha|cuchara de madera|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|lopár|tabla de cordar|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|tanier|plato|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|misa|cuenco|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|súprava riadu|vajilla|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|súprava príborov|cubertería|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|príbor|cubierto|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|pohár|vaso|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|pohár vínny|copa|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|vývrtka|sacacorchos|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|lis/odšťavovač|exprimidor|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|pripravovať jedlo|cocinar|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|variť|cocer|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|dusiť|guisar|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|piecť (cesto)|hornear|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|piecť (mäso)|asar|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|smažiť|freír|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|soliť|salar|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|okoreniť|condimentar|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|ochutiť (tuhé)|sazonar|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|ochutiť (tekuté)|aliñar|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|dochutiť (nakoniec)|aderezar|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|chamuscar|pripáliť|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|korenie|condimento|False|False
espanol|economy/stravovanie|dressing|aliño|False|False
espanol|nature/sound|zvuk|sonido|False|False
espanol|nature/sound|krik|grito|False|False
espanol|nature/sound|kričať|gritar|False|True
espanol|nature/sound|hluk|ruido|False|False
espanol|nature/sound|rozruch|alboroto|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|doprava|transporte|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|vozidlo|vehículo|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|loď|navío|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|čln|barco|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|plť|balsa|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|koráb|bajel|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|ponorka|submarino|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|kotva|ancla|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|kotevné lano|amarra|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|kajuta|camarote|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|plachta|vela|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|stožiar|mástil|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|veslo|remo|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|prístav|puerto|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|kormidlo|timón|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|lietadlo|avión|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|letisko|aeropuerto|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|vrtuľník|helicóptero|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|padák|paracaídas|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|pilot|piloto|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|letuška|azafata|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|auto|coche|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|dodávka|furgoneta|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|voz|carro|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|cesta|vía|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|ulica|calle|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|križovatka|encrucijada|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|odbočka|ramal|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|diaľnica|diaľnica|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|zvodidlo|guardarraíl|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|vozovka|calzada|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|krajnica|arcén|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|jazdný pruh|carril|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|parkovisko|aparcamiento|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|vlak|tren|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|koľajnica|raíl|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|skateboard|monopatín|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|korčule|patines|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|lyže|esquís|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|bicykel|bicicleta|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|sane|trineo|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|chodník|acera|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|obrubník|bordillo|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|most|puente|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|tunel|túnel|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|potrubie|tubería|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|potrubie|cañería|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|posádka|tripulación|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|člen posádky|tripulante|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|brázdiť (loď)|surcar|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|jazdiť|montar|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|šoférovať|conducir + manejar|False|False
espanol|economy/doprava|ísť dopravným prostriedkom|coger|False|False
chinese|priroda/vesmir|vesmír|r Weltraum + s Weltall + s Universum/Universen|True|False
chinese|priroda/vesmir|galaxia|e Galaxie|True|False
chinese|priroda/vesmir|hmlovina|r Nebelfleck + r Nebel|False|False
chinese|priroda/vesmir|hviezda|r Stern|True|False
chinese|priroda/vesmir|slnko|e Sonne|True|False
chinese|priroda/vesmir|zatmenie|e Finsternis|False|False
chinese|priroda/vesmir|planéta|r Planet|True|False
chinese|priroda/vesmir|mesiac|r Mond|True|False
chinese|priroda/vesmir|kométa|r Komet|True|False
chinese|priroda/vesmir|meteor|e Sternschnuppe/n / r Meteor/e|True|False
chinese|priroda/vesmir|súhvezdie|s Sternbild|True|False
chinese|priroda/vesmir|Plejády|昴宿星团 [mǎosù xīngtuán]|False|False
espanol|life/počasie|počasie|tiempo|False|False
espanol|life/počasie|oblak|nube|False|False
espanol|life/počasie|obloha|cielo|False|False
espanol|life/počasie|dážď|lluvia|False|False
espanol|life/počasie|sneh|nieve|False|False
espanol|life/počasie|hmla|niebla|False|False
espanol|life/počasie|hmla|bruma|False|False
espanol|life/počasie|opar|neblina|False|False
espanol|life/počasie|prehánka|chubasco|False|False
espanol|life/počasie|vietor|viento|False|False
espanol|life/počasie|víchrica|vendaval|False|False
espanol|life/počasie|búrka|tormenta|False|False
espanol|life/počasie|búrka|tempestad|False|False
espanol|life/počasie|fujavica|ventisca|False|False
espanol|life/počasie|vánok|brisa|False|False
espanol|life/počasie|hurikán|huracán|False|False
espanol|life/počasie|námraza|escarcha|False|False
espanol|life/počasie|rosa|rocío|False|False
espanol|life/počasie|hrom|trueno|False|False
espanol|life/počasie|blesk|relámpago|False|False
espanol|life/počasie|pršať|llover|False|False
espanol|life/počasie|snežiť|nevar|False|False
espanol|life/počasie|fúkať|soplar|False|False
espanol|life/počasie|viať|ventear|False|False
espanol|life/počasie|záplava|diluvio|False|False
espanol|life/počasie|povodeň|inundación|False|False
espanol|life/počasie|požiar|incendio|False|False
espanol|life/počasie|zemetrasenie|terremoto|False|False
chinese|živé telo/body|telo|身体 [shēntǐ]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/body|hlava|头 [tóu]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/body|vlasy|头发 [tóufa]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/body|fúz|胡子 [húzi]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/body|brada|胡须 [húxū]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/body|pero|羽毛 [yǔmáo]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/body|srsť|毛皮 [máopí]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/body|oko|眼睛 [yǎnjing]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/body|ústa|嘴 [zuǐ]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/body|pera|嘴唇 [zuǐchún]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/body|ucho|耳朵 [ěrduo]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/body|jazyk|舌头 [shétou]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/body|chvost|尾巴 [wěiba]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/body|noha|足 [zú] + 脚 [jiǎo]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/body|kopyto|蹄 [tí]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/body|prst na nohe|脚趾 [jiǎozhǐ]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/body|stehno|大腿 [dàtuǐ]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/body|lýtko|小腿 [xiǎotuǐ]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/body|koleno|膝盖 [xīgài]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/body|ruka|手 [shǒu]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/body|dlaň|手掌 [shǒuzhǎng]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/body|lakeť|手肘 [shǒuzhǒu]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/body|prst|手指 [shǒuzhǐ]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/body|necht|指甲 [zhǐjia]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/body|plece|肩膀 [jiānbǎng]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/body|krídlo|翅膀 [chìbǎng]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/body|končatina|肢体 [zhītǐ]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/body|srdce|心脏 [xīnzàng]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/body|pečeň|肝脏 [gānzàng]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/body|oblička|肾脏 [shènzàng]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/body|slezina|脾脏 [pízàng]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/body|pľúca|肺 [fèi]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/body|kosť|骨 [gǔ]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/body|lebka|头骨 [tóugǔ]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/body|stavec|椎骨 [zhuīgǔ]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/body|chrbtica|脊柱 [jǐzhù]|False|False
russkiy|economy/manufacture|poklop|люк|False|False
deutsch|science/maths|matematika|e Mathematik|True|False
deutsch|science/maths|počítať|zählen + rechnen|True|False
deutsch|science/maths|číslo|e Nummer/n + e Zahl/en|True|False
deutsch|science/maths|číslica|e Ziffer/n|False|False
deutsch|science/maths|percento|s Prozent/e|True|False
deutsch|science/maths|rovnica|e Gleichung/en|True|False
deutsch|science/maths|prvočíslo|e Primzahl/en|False|False
deutsch|science/maths|mocnina|e Potenz/en|False|False
deutsch|science/maths|odmocnina|e Wurzel/n|False|False
deutsch|science/maths|sčítať|addieren|False|False
deutsch|science/maths|súčet|e Summe/n|False|False
deutsch|science/maths|sčítanec|r Summand/en|False|False
deutsch|science/maths|odčítať|subtrahieren|False|False
deutsch|science/maths|rozdiel|e Differenz/en|False|False
deutsch|science/maths|menšenec|r Minuend/en|False|False
deutsch|science/maths|menšiteľ|r Subtrahend/en|False|False
deutsch|science/maths|násobiť|multiplizieren|False|False
deutsch|science/maths|súčin|s Produkt/e|False|False
deutsch|science/maths|násobiteľ|r Faktor/en + r Multiplikator/en|False|False
deutsch|science/maths|deliť|dividieren|False|False
deutsch|science/maths|podiel|r Quotient/en|False|False
deutsch|science/maths|delenec|r Dividend/en|False|False
deutsch|science/maths|deliteľ|r Divisor/en + r Teiler|False|False
deutsch|science/maths|priamka|e Gerade|False|False
deutsch|science/maths|úsečka|e Strecke|False|False
deutsch|science/maths|polpriamka|r Strahl + e Halbgerade|False|False
deutsch|science/maths|bod|r Punkt|False|False
deutsch|science/maths|opísaná kružnica|r Umkreis/e|False|False
deutsch|science/maths|vpísaná kružnica|r Inkreis/e|False|False
russkiy|economy/transportation|auto|маши́на|False|False
russkiy|economy/transportation|lietadlo|самолёт|False|False
russkiy|economy/transportation|kotva|я́корь|False|False
russkiy|economy/transportation|náklad|груз|False|False
russkiy|economy/transportation|nákladný|грузово́й|False|True
english|difficult-words|acme|vrchol|False|False
english|difficult-words|acrimony|trpkosť|False|False
english|difficult-words|antebellum|pred americkou občianskou vojnou|False|False
english|difficult-words|awl|šidlo|False|False
english|difficult-words|barf|grcať|False|False
english|difficult-words|bellicose|bojovný|False|False
english|difficult-words|bellwether|vodca|False|False
english|difficult-words|bereft|zbavený|False|False
english|difficult-words|cajolery|sladké reči|False|False
english|difficult-words|cantankerous|hašterivý|False|False
english|difficult-words|caul|plodová blana|False|False
english|difficult-words|chicanery|právnické kľučky|False|False
english|difficult-words|conniption|záchvat hnevu|False|False
english|difficult-words|contingent|závislý (na budúcnosti)|False|False
english|difficult-words|corroborate|dosvedčiť|False|False
english|difficult-words|cynosure|centrum pozornosti|False|False
english|difficult-words|dearth|nedostatok|False|False
english|difficult-words|defalcation|sprenevera|False|False
english|difficult-words|denigrate|očierniť|False|False
english|difficult-words|excoriate|kritizovať|False|False
english|difficult-words|finagle|fígľovať|False|False
english|difficult-words|in lieu|namiesto|False|False
english|difficult-words|inimical|nepriaznivý|False|False
english|difficult-words|inspissate|zahusťovať|False|False
english|difficult-words|internecine|bratrovražedný|False|False
english|difficult-words|loquacious|výrečný|False|False
english|difficult-words|lugubrious|žalostný|False|False
english|difficult-words|moribund|umierajúci|False|False
english|difficult-words|motility|pohyblivosť|False|False
english|difficult-words|myopic|krátkozraký|False|False
english|difficult-words|nadir|úplné dno|False|False
english|difficult-words|opprobrium|kritika|False|False
english|difficult-words|ornery|nepríjemný|False|False
english|difficult-words|paroxysm|záchvat|False|False
english|difficult-words|parturition|pôrod|False|False
english|difficult-words|pauper|bedár|False|False
english|difficult-words|potamic|riečny|False|False
english|difficult-words|proclivity|náchylnosť|False|False
english|difficult-words|profligate|márnotratný|False|False
english|difficult-words|prolix|zdĺhavý|False|False
english|difficult-words|sedulous|usilovný|False|False
english|difficult-words|solecism|spoločenský prehrešok|False|False
english|difficult-words|soporific|uspávajúci|False|False
english|difficult-words|succour|podpora|False|False
english|difficult-words|sybartic|pôžitkársky|False|False
english|difficult-words|temerity|trúfalosť|False|False
english|difficult-words|trestle|podstavec (koza)|False|False
english|difficult-words|tumescence|stoporenie|False|False
english|difficult-words|unctuous|úlisný|False|False
english|difficult-words|vacillate|váhať|False|False
english|difficult-words|venal|úplatný|False|False
english|difficult-words|vestigial|zostatkový|False|False
english|difficult-words|vicissitude|nestálosť|False|False
english|difficult-words|victuals|potraviny|False|False
english|difficult-words|voluptuous|zmyselný/dráždivý|False|False
english|difficult-words|ejaculate|vyhŕknuť|False|False
english|difficult-words|gay|veselý + svetlý|False|False
english|difficult-words|promiscuous|svojský|False|False
deutsch|science/nature|Big Bang|Urknall|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pouzivanie|potrebovať|brauchen (für/zu) + benötigen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pouzivanie|znamenať|bedeuten|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pouzivanie|významný|bedeutend|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/pouzivanie|význam|e Bedeutung/en|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/pouzivanie|fungovať|funktionieren|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pouzivanie|použiť|verwenden/verwandte/verwandt|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pouzivanie|nutný|nötig|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pouzivanie|užitočný|nützlich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pouzivanie|zbytočný|vergeblich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pouzivanie|zbytočnosť|e Vergeblichkeit|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/pouzivanie|potrebný|erforderlich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pouzivanie|dôležitý|wichtig|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pouzivanie|dôležitosť|e Wichtigkeit|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/pouzivanie|podstatný|wesentlich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pouzivanie|naliehavý|dringend|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pouzivanie|praktický|praktisch|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pouzivanie|úžitok|r Nutzen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pouzivanie|potreba|r Bedarf|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pouzivanie|účel|r Zweck/e|True|False
russkiy|basic|a|и|False|False
russkiy|basic|alebo|и́ли|False|False
russkiy|basic|ani|ни|False|False
russkiy|basic|ak ... tak|е́сли ... то|False|False
russkiy|basic|ale|но|False|False
russkiy|basic|hoci|хоть + хотя́|False|False
russkiy|basic|avšak|одна́ко|False|False
russkiy|basic|aby|что́бы|False|False
russkiy|basic|no|ну|False|False
russkiy|basic|dokonca|да́же|False|False
russkiy|basic|než|чем|False|False
russkiy|basic|však|впро́чем|False|False
russkiy|basic|prečo|почему́|False|False
russkiy|basic|pretože|потому́ что|False|False
russkiy|basic|napriek tomu|тем не ме́нее|False|False
russkiy|basic|napriek|несмотря́ на|False|False
russkiy|basic|proste|про́сто|False|False
russkiy|basic|nech|пусть|False|False
russkiy|basic|namiesto|вме́сто|False|False
russkiy|basic|proti|про́тив|False|False
russkiy|basic|bez|без|False|False
russkiy|basic|s|с|False|False
russkiy|basic|spolu|вме́сте|False|False
russkiy|basic|sám|сам|False|False
russkiy|basic|osamelý|оди́н|False|False
russkiy|basic|kus|шту́ка|False|False
russkiy|basic|vec|вещь|False|False
russkiy|basic|druh|вид|False|False
russkiy|basic|ja|я|False|False
russkiy|basic|ty|ты|False|False
russkiy|basic|on|он|False|False
russkiy|basic|ona|она́|False|False
russkiy|basic|my|мы|False|False
russkiy|basic|vy|вы|False|False
russkiy|basic|ten|э́тот|False|False
russkiy|basic|tá|э́та|False|False
russkiy|basic|tamten|тот|False|False
chinese|ludia|Hatšepsut|哈特谢普苏特|False|False
chinese|ludia|Nefertiti|娜芙蒂蒂|False|False
chinese|ludia|Tutanchamón|图坦卡蒙|False|False
chinese|ludia|Konfucius|孔子|False|False
chinese|ludia|Sun-c|孙武|False|False
chinese|ludia|Archimedes|阿基米德|False|False
chinese|ludia|Aristoteles|亚里士多德|False|False
chinese|ludia|Pytagoras|毕达哥拉斯|False|False
chinese|ludia|Sokrates|苏格拉底|False|False
chinese|ludia|Alexander Veľký|亚历山大大帝|False|False
chinese|ludia|Cicero|西塞罗|False|False
chinese|ludia|Július Cézar|儒略.恺撒|False|False
chinese|ludia|Kleopatra|埃及艳后|False|False
chinese|ludia|Marcus Aurelius|马可.奥勒留|False|False
chinese|ludia|Spartakus|斯巴达克斯|False|False
chinese|ludia|Albert Einstein|阿尔伯特.爱因斯坦|False|False
chinese|ludia|Charles Darwin|查尔斯.达尔文|False|False
chinese|ludia|Dmitrij Mendelejev|德米特里.门捷列夫|False|False
chinese|ludia|Galileo Galilei|伽利略.伽利莱|False|False
chinese|ludia|Isaac Newton|艾萨克.牛顿|False|False
chinese|ludia|Jules Verne|儒勒.凡尔纳|False|False
chinese|ludia|Leonardo da Vinci|列奥纳多.达.芬奇|False|False
chinese|ludia|Tolkien|托尔金|False|False
chinese|ludia|William Shakespeare|威廉.莎士比亚|False|False
chinese|ludia|Jurij Gagarin|尤里.加加林|False|False
chinese|ludia|Krištof Kolumbus|克里斯托弗.哥伦布|False|False
chinese|ludia|Abraham Lincoln|亚伯拉罕.林肯|False|False
chinese|ludia|Adolf Hitler|阿道夫.希特勒|False|False
chinese|ludia|Džingischán|成吉思汗|False|False
chinese|ludia|Napoleon Bonaparte|拿破仑.波拿巴|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|raňajky|s Frühstück/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|obed|s Mittagessen|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|večera|s Abendessen|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|chod|r Gang/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|olovrant|e Jause/n + e Vesper/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|jedlo|e Speise/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|predjedlo|e Vorspeise/n|False|True
deutsch|culture/food/meal|pokrm|s Gericht/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|hlavný chod|s Hauptgericht/e|False|True
deutsch|culture/food/meal|predjedlo|s Vorgericht/e|False|True
deutsch|culture/food/meal|omáčka|e Sauce/n + e Sosse/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|horčica|r Senf/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|kečup|rs Ketchup/s|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|majonéza|e Mayonnaise/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|pesto|s Pesto|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|pečivo|s Gebäck/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|chlieb|s Brot/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|žemľa|e Semmel/n + s Brötchen|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|praclík|e Brezel/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|rožok|s Hörnchen|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|bochník|r Laib/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|vianočka|r Striezel|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|obložený chlieb|e Stulle/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|knedlík|r Knödel + r Kloss/ö-e|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|šúľance|e Schupfnudel/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|cestoviny|e Teigware/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|rezanec|e Nudel/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|kolienka|s Hörnchen(nudel) + s Hörnli|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|halušky|e Spätzle|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|polievka|e Suppe/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|vývar|e Brühe/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|džem|e Konfitüre/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|kompót|s Kompott/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|kaša|s Mus/e + r Brei/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|pretlak|s Mark|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|pyré|s Püree/s|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|nátierka|r Aufstrich/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|nálev|r Aufguss/ü-e|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|prísada|e Zutat/en|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|hranolky|e Pommes|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|praženica|s Rührei/er|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|omeleta|s Omelett/s + e Omelette/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|cukráreň|e Konditorei/en|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|zákusok|r Nachtisch + e Nachspeise/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|koláč|r Kuchen|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|bábovka|r Napfkuchen|False|True
deutsch|culture/food/meal|medovník|r Lebkuchen|False|True
deutsch|culture/food/meal|palacinka|r Eierkuchen|False|True
deutsch|culture/food/meal|trdelník|r Baumkuchen|False|True
deutsch|culture/food/meal|torta|e Torte/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|zmrzlina|s Eis|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|lízanka|r Lutscher|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|cukrík|rs Bonbon/s|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|žuvačka|r Kaugummi/s|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|sušienka|rs Keks/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|tyčinka|r Riegel|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|pelendrek|e Lakritze/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/meal|venček|r Kringel|False|False
espanol|culture/jedlo|jablko|manzana|False|False
espanol|culture/jedlo|citrón|citrón|False|False
espanol|culture/jedlo|orech|nuez|False|False
espanol|culture/jedlo|arašid|cacahuete|False|False
espanol|culture/jedlo|mlieko|leche|False|False
espanol|culture/jedlo|maslo|mantequilla|False|False
espanol|culture/jedlo|syr|queso|False|False
espanol|culture/jedlo|tvaroh|requesón|False|False
espanol|culture/jedlo|šľahačka|nata|False|False
espanol|culture/jedlo|vajce|huevo|False|False
espanol|culture/jedlo|žĺtok|yema|False|False
espanol|culture/jedlo|polievka|sopa|False|False
espanol|culture/jedlo|vývar|caldo|False|False
espanol|culture/jedlo|omáčka|salsa|False|False
espanol|culture/jedlo|cukor|azúcar|False|False
espanol|culture/jedlo|múka|harina|False|False
espanol|culture/jedlo|cesto|masa|False|False
espanol|culture/jedlo|torta|tarta|False|False
espanol|culture/jedlo|koláč|pastel|False|False
espanol|culture/jedlo|buchta|bollo|False|False
espanol|culture/jedlo|haluška|ñoqui|False|False
espanol|culture/jedlo|palacinka|crepe|False|False
espanol|culture/jedlo|chlieb|pan|False|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|príroda|e Natur|True|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|krajina|e Landschaft/en|False|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|terén|s Terrain/s|False|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|pevnina|s Festland|True|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|kontinent|r Kontinent + r Erdteil|True|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|ostrov|e Insel/n|True|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|polostrov|e Halbinsel/n|True|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|súostrovie|r Archipel|True|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|oceán|r Ozean|True|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|more|s Meer/e + e See|True|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|jazero|r See|True|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|záliv|e Bucht + r Golf|True|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|zátoka|s Haff/e|False|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|jaskyňa|e Höhle/n|True|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|kráter|r Krater|False|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|pobrežie|e Küste/n|True|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|breh|s Ufer|True|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|pláž|r Strand/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|mys|s Kap/s|True|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|vodopád|r Wasserfall/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|rieka|r Fluss/ü-e|True|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|potok|r Bach/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|prameň|e Quelle/n|True|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|potôčik|s Rinnsal/e|False|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|meander|r Mäander|False|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|gejzír|r Geysir/e|False|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|brod|e Furt/en|False|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|prameniť|quellen|False|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|ústiť|münden|False|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|púšť|e Wüste/n|True|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|duna|e Düne/n + e Wehe/n|False|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|pustatina|e Einöde/n|False|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|les|r Wald/ä-er + r Forst/e|True|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|lúka|e Wiese/n|True|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|prales|r Urwald/ä-er|True|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|džungľa|r Dschungel|True|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|čistina|e Lichtung/en|True|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|močiar|r Sumpf/ü-e + s Moor/e + r Tümpel|True|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|step|e Heide/n|False|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|rašelina|r Torf|False|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|prieliv|e Meerenge + r Sund|False|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|pevninská šija|r Isthmus/Isthmen|False|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|kosa|e Nehrung/en|False|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|vrch|r Berg/e|True|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|kopec|r Hügel|True|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|útes|e Klippe/n|True|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|pohorie|s Gebirge|False|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|roklina|e Schlucht/en|False|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|priepasť|r Abgrund/ü-e + e Kluft/ü-e|False|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|vrchol hory|e Kuppe/n|False|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|hlbina|r Schlund/ü-e|False|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|sopka|r Vulkan/e|True|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|ľadovec|r Gletscher|True|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|kráter|r Krater|False|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|planina|e Ebene/n|True|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|dolina|s Tal/ä-er + e Senke/n|True|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|svah|r Hang/ä-e + e Böschung/en|False|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|nížina|e Tiefebene + s Tiefland|False|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|vysočina|e Hochebene|False|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|priesmyk|r Gebirgspass|False|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|rovník|r Äquator|False|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|rovnobežka|r Breitenkreis|False|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|poludník|r Meridian|False|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|obratník|r Wendekreis|False|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|polárna kružnica|r Polarkreis|False|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|pustý|öde|False|False
deutsch|nature/terrain|bujný|üppig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/vzhlad|postava|e Gestalt/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/vzhlad|kučeravý|lockig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/vzhlad|kučera|e Locke/n|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/vzhlad|plešatý|glatzköpfig + kahlköpfig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/vzhlad|plešina|e Glatze/n + r Kahlkopf/ö-e|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/vzhlad|chudý|dünn + mager|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/vzhlad|tučný|dick|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/vzhlad|útly|zierlich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/vzhlad|vychudnutý|ausgemergelt|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/vzhlad|chlpatý|haarig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/vzhlad|kostnatý|knochig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/vzhlad|zavalitý|stämmig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/vzhlad|príťažlivosť|e Anziehung|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/vzhlad|príťažlivý|anziehend + zugkräftig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/vzhlad|strapatý|strubbelig + struppig + zottelig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/vzhlad|príťažlivosť|e Zugkraft + e Anziehung(skraft)|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/vzhlad|zvádzanie|e Verführung/en|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/logika|logika|e Logik|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/logika|príčina|e Ursache/n|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/logika|účinok|e Wirkung/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/logika|spôsobit|zufügen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/logika|následok|e Folge/n|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/logika|poradie|e Abfolge/n|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/logika|dôsledok|e Auswirkung/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/logika|dôvod|r Anlass/ä-e + r Grund/ü-e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/logika|podmienka|e Bedingung/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/logika|udalosť|s Ereignis/se|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/logika|výsledok|s Ergebnis/se|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/logika|účel|r Zweck/e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/logika|úmysel|e Absicht/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/logika|predpoklad|e Voraussetzung/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/logika|domnienka|e Vermutung/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/logika|dôkaz|r Beweis/e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/logika|dokázať|beweisen|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/logika|tušiť|wittern|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/flowers|ľalia|azucena|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/flowers|ruža|rosa|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/flowers|orchidea|orquídea|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/flowers|konope|cáñamo|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/flowers|púpava|diente de león|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/flowers|skorocel|llantén|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|správať sa|comportarse|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|úsmev|sonrisa|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|smiať sa|reírse|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|veselý|alegre|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|smutný|triste|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|zúfalý|desesperado|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|nadšený|entusiasta (de)|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|pobúrený|indignado|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|dráždiť|exasperar|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|provokovať|provocar|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|rozhnevať|irritar|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|nahnevať|enojar|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|nahnevať|enfadar|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|rozrušiť|emocionar|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|zúrivý|furioso|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|rozčúlený|enfadado|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|hnev|enojo|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|nahnevaný|enojado|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|povzbudiť|animar|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|pomsta|venganza|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|pomstiť sa|vengarse|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|zdvorilý|cortés|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|zdvorilosť|cortesía|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|ohľaduplný|respetuoso|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|sebecký|egoísta|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|súcitiť|compadecer|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|súcit|compasión|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|súcitný (hacia)|compasivo|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|závidieť|envidiar|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|závisť|envidia|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|závistlivý|envidioso|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|žiarlivosť|celos|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|žiarlivý|celoso|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|ľutovať|lamentar|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|zradiť|traicionar|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|zrada|traición|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|klamstvo|mentira|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|klamať|mentir|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|oklamať|engañar|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|sklamať|decepcionar|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|hanblivý|vergonzoso|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|zbabelý|cobarde|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|drzý|descarado|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|naivný|ingenuo|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|naivita|ingenuidad|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|tvrdohlavý|testarudo|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|trpezlivý|paciente|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|ctižiadostivý|ambicioso|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|radosť|gozo|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|potešenie|deleite|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|žiadostivý|ávido|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|hnus|asco|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|nevľúdny|hosco|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|chamtivosť|codicia|False|False
espanol|psychology/behaviour|urážlivý/nedotklivý|quisquilloso|False|False
espanol|psychology/use|škodlivý|nocivo|False|False
espanol|psychology/use|prospešný|beneficioso|False|False
espanol|psychology/use|užitočný|útil|False|False
espanol|psychology/use|haraburda|cachivache|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/oslava|oslava|s Fest/e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/oslava|sláviť|feiern|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/oslava|sviatok|r Feiertag + r Festtag|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/oslava|narodeniny|r Geburtstag/e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/oslava|blahoželať|gratulieren|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/oslava|blahoželanie|r Glückwunsch/e + e Gratulation/en|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/oslava|nádielka (darčekov)|e Bescherung/en|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/oslava|Veľký piatok|r Karfreitag|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/oslava|Veľká noc|s Ostern|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/oslava|Dušičky|r Allerseelen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/oslava|Štedrý večer|r Heiligabend|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/oslava|Vianoce|s Weihnachten|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/oslava|Nový rok|s Neujahr|True|False
espanol|culture/family|dvojča 1-vaječné|gemelo|False|False
espanol|culture/family|dvojča 2-vaječné|mellizo|False|False
espanol|culture/family|rodina|familia|False|False
espanol|culture/family|otec|padre|False|False
espanol|culture/family|matka|madre|False|False
espanol|culture/family|syn/dcéra|hijo/hija|False|False
espanol|culture/family|brat/sestra|hermano/hermana|False|False
espanol|culture/family|starý otec|abuelo|False|False
espanol|culture/family|pradedo|bisabuelo|False|False
espanol|culture/family|vnuk|nieto|False|False
espanol|culture/family|strýko|tío|False|False
espanol|culture/family|synovec|sobrino|False|False
espanol|culture/family|bratranec|primo|False|False
espanol|culture/family|svadba|boda|False|False
espanol|culture/family|ženích|novio|False|False
espanol|culture/family|svadobná cesta|luna de miel|False|False
espanol|culture/family|manžel|esposo|False|False
espanol|culture/family|svokor|suegro|False|False
espanol|culture/family|švagor|cuñado|False|False
espanol|culture/family|nevlastný otec|padrastro|False|False
espanol|culture/family|nevlastný brat|hermanastro|False|False
espanol|culture/family|banda|mara + pandilla|False|False
espanol|culture/family|dav|muchedumbre|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/priroda/material|vec|s Ding/e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/priroda/material|vec|e Sache/n|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/priroda/material|kus|s Stück/e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/priroda/material|ryha|e Rille/n + e Furche/n|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/priroda/material|črepina|e Scherbe/n|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/priroda/material|úlomok|r Splitter|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|vraštiť čelo|runzeln|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|krčiť nos|rümpfen|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|prikývnuť|nicken|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|prevrátiť oči|verdrehen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|žmurkať|zwinkern|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|mrkať|blinzeln|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|zažmurkať|zuzwinkern + zublinzeln|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|žuť|kauen|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|požuť|zerkauen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|hrýzť|beissen/biss/gebissen|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|odhryznúť|abbeissen/biss/abgebissen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|nahryznúť|anbeissen/biss/angebissen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|rozhryznúť|aufbeissen/biss/aufgebissen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|rozhrýzť|zerbeissen/biss/zerbissen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|zahryznúť|zubeissen/biss/zugebissen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|ceriť (zuby)|fletschen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|lízať|lecken|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|oliznúť|belecken|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|zlízať|ablecken|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|vylízať|auslecken|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|mľaskať|schmatzen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|mľasknúť (jazykom)|schnalzen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|vyplaziť (jazyk)|herausstrecken|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|bozkať|küssen|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|vybozkávať|abküssen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|cucať (prst)|nuckeln|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|cmúľať|lutschen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|sať|saugen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|bozk|r Kuss/ü-e|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|hlt|r Happen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|prehltnúť|schlucken|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|vracať|speien + erbrechen/erbricht/erbrach/erbrochen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|vyvracať sa|ausspeien|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|grgať|aufstossen/stösst/stiess/aufgestossen + rülpsen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|chytiť|greifen/griff/gegriffen + ergreifen/ergriff/ergriffen|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|držať|halten/hält/hielt/gehalten|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|pevne držať|festhalten/hält/hielt/festgehalten|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|štipnúť (prstami)|kneifen/kniff/gekniffen|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|odštipnúť|abkneifen/kniff/abgekniffen|False|True
deutsch|life/movement|zamávať|winken|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|zadrapiť|krallen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|lúskať (prstami)|schnippen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|chňapnúť|schnappen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|uchopiť|packen + anpacken|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|oháňať sa|fuchteln|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|vytrhnúť|entwinden/entwand/entwunden|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|hmatať|tasten (nach)|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|prejsť rukou po|wischen (über)|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|vykĺznuť|entgleiten/entglitt/entglitten|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|objať|umarmen + umfangen/umfängt/umfing/umfangen|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|pohladiť|streichen|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|hladkať|streicheln|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|pritúliť sa|kuscheln sich|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|maznať sa|schmusen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|maznavý|verschmust|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|špárať|stochern|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|svrbieť|jucken|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|štekliť|kitzeln|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|usmiať sa|lächeln|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|pousmiať sa|belächeln|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|mňaukať|miauen + maunzen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|prskať (zvuk)|prusten|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|pľuť|spucken|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|opľuť|bespucken|False|True
deutsch|life/movement|vypľuť|ausspucken|False|True
deutsch|life/movement|uchopiť|anfassen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|mávať|schwenken|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|biť|schlagen/schlägt/schlug/geschlagen|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|škrtiť|würgen|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|zaškrtiť|abwürgen|False|True
deutsch|life/movement|zaškrtiť|erwürgen|False|True
deutsch|life/movement|fackať|ohrfeigen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|búchať|bumsen gegen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|načiahnuť|ausholen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|klbčiť sa|balgen sich|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|bitka|e Schlägerei/en|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|facka|e Ohrfeige/n|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|úder|r Hieb/e|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|potlesk|r Beifall|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|postrčenie|r Rempler|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|štuchanec|r Knuff/ü-e|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|chmat|r Griff/e|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|zmlátiť|verdreschen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|zapchať ústa|knebeln|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|obesiť|erhängen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|obesiť|aufknüpfen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|krok|r Schritt/e + r Tritt/e|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|beh|r Lauf/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|skok|r Sprung/ü-e|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|poklona|r Knicks/e|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|prechádzať sa|spazieren|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|kráčať|schreiten/schritt/geschritten|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|bežať|laufen/läuft/lief/gelaufen + rennen/rannte/gerannt|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|ujsť|entlaufen/entläuft/entlief/entlaufen|False|True
deutsch|life/movement|vbehnúť|einlaufen/läuft/lief/eingelaufen|False|True
deutsch|life/movement|vybehnúť|auslaufen/läuft/lief/ausgelaufen|False|True
deutsch|life/movement|ponáhľať sa|beeilen sich|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|skočiť|springen/sprang/gesprungen|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|preskočiť|überspringen/übersprang/übersprungen|False|True
deutsch|life/movement|poskakovať|hüpfen|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|brodiť sa|stapfen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|motať sa|trödeln|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|vrhnúť sa|stürzen sich|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|prikradnúť sa|schleichen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|prikrádať sa|pirschen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|vliecť sa|schlendern|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|knísať sa|watscheln|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|šúchať (nohy)|schlurfen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|kopnúť|treten/tritt/trat/getreten|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|šliapnúť|treten/tritt/trat/getreten|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|rozšliapnuť|zertreten/zertritt/zertrat/zertreten|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|dupať|trampeln + stampfen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|cupkať|trappeln + trippeln|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|trieliť|preschen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|pokloniť sa|knicksen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|potknúť sa|stolpern|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|potácať sa|wanken|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|krívať|hinken + humpeln|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|tackať sa|taumeln + torkeln|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|vystierať sa|rekeln sich + räkeln sich|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|stáť|stehen/stand/gestanden|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|vstať|aufstehen/stand/aufgestanden|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|sedieť|sitzen/sass/gesessen|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|posadiť sa|setzen/sass/gesessen sich|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|nasadnúť|aufsitzen/sass/aufgesessen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|ležať|liegen/lag/gelegen|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|ľahnúť si|legen sich|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|kľačať|knien|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|kľaknúť si|niederknien|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|čupieť|hocken + kauern|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|plávať|schwimmen/schwamm/geschwommen|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|lietať|fliegen/flog/geflogen|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|uletieť|entfliegen/entflog/entflogen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|odletieť|abfliegen/flog/abgeflogen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|priletieť|anfliegen/flog/angeflogen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|vzlietnuť|auffliegen/flog/aufgeflogen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|vyletieť|ausfliegen/flog/ausgeflogen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|vletieť|einfliegen/flog/eingeflogen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|preletieť|überfliegen/überflog/überflogen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|obletieť|umfliegen/umflog/umflogen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|plaziť sa|kriechen/kroch/gekrochen|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|šplhať sa|klettern|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|vznášať sa|schweben|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|brodiť sa|waten|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|rozvaliť sa|lümmeln sich|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|vyhrnúť|schürzen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|pokloniť sa|verbeugen sich|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|poklona|e Verbeugung/en|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|nemotorný|tapsig|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|vrtký (obratný)|flink + hurtig|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|svižný|flott|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|nemotorný|unbeholfen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|šťuchnúť|stupsen + anstossen/stösst/stiess/angestossen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|drgnúť|knuffen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|tresnúť|schmettern|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|vziať|nehmen/nimmt/nahm/genommen + holen + aufnehmen/nimmt/nahm/aufgenommen|True|False
deutsch|life/movement|vybrať|ausnehmen/nimmt/nahm/ausgenommen|False|False
deutsch|life/movement|vziať so sebou|mitnehmen/nimmt/nahm/mitgenommen|True|False
deutsch|culture/religion|náboženstvo|e Religion/en|True|False
deutsch|culture/religion|biblia|e Bibel|True|False
deutsch|culture/religion|chrám|r Tempel|True|False
deutsch|culture/religion|svätý|heilig|True|False
deutsch|culture/religion|pobožný|fromm|False|False
deutsch|culture/religion|posadnutý|besessen|False|False
deutsch|culture/religion|raj|s Paradies/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/religion|peklo|e Hölle/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/religion|očistec|s Fegefeuer|False|False
deutsch|culture/religion|kacír|r Ketzer|False|False
deutsch|culture/religion|nesmrteľný|unsterblich|True|False
deutsch|culture/religion|nesmrteľnosť|e Unsterblichkeit|True|False
deutsch|culture/religion|večný|ewig|True|False
deutsch|culture/religion|večnosť|e Ewigkeit|True|False
deutsch|culture/religion|požehnanie|r Segen|True|False
deutsch|culture/religion|pokánie|e Busse/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/religion|viera|r Glaube|True|False
deutsch|culture/religion|modlitba|s Gebet/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/religion|modliť sa|beten|True|False
deutsch|culture/religion|uctievať|verehren|True|False
deutsch|culture/religion|obetovať|opfern|True|False
deutsch|culture/religion|obeť|s Opfer|True|False
deutsch|culture/religion|omša|e Messe/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/religion|spovedať sa|beichten|False|False
deutsch|culture/religion|posvätiť|weihen|False|False
deutsch|culture/religion|krstiť|taufen|False|False
deutsch|culture/religion|vyznávať|bekennen/bekannte/bekannt|False|False
deutsch|culture/religion|krst|e Taufe/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/religion|duša|e Seele/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/religion|boh|r Gott/ö-er|True|False
deutsch|culture/religion|biskup|r Bischof/ö-e|True|False
deutsch|culture/religion|pápež|r Papst/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|culture/religion|apoštol|r Apostel|True|False
deutsch|culture/religion|osud|s Schicksal/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/religion|fara|e Pfarrei/en|False|False
deutsch|culture/religion|oltár|r Altar/ä-e|False|False
deutsch|culture/religion|modla|r Abgott/ö-er + r Götze/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/religion|katedrála|e Kathedrale/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/religion|kostol|e Kirche/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/religion|kňaz|r Priester|True|False
deutsch|culture/religion|farár|r Pfarrer|True|False
deutsch|culture/religion|pútnik|r Pilger|False|False
deutsch|culture/religion|mních|r Mönch/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/religion|kláštor|s Kloster/ö|True|False
deutsch|culture/religion|prozreteľnosť|e Vorsehung|False|False
deutsch|culture/religion|cintorín|r Friedhof/ö-e|True|False
deutsch|culture/religion|hrob|s Grab/ä-er|True|False
deutsch|culture/religion|hrobka|e Gruft/ü-e|False|False
deutsch|culture/religion|rakva|r Sarg/ä-e|False|False
deutsch|culture/religion|pohreb|s Begräbnis/se + e Bestattung/en|False|False
deutsch|culture/religion|závet|s Vermächtnis/se|False|False
deutsch|culture/religion|smrtka|r Sensenmann|False|False
deutsch|culture/religion|pochovať|begraben/begräbt/begrub/begruben|False|False
deutsch|culture/religion|vstať z mŕtvych|auferstehen/auferstand/auferstanden|False|False
deutsch|culture/religion|spasiť|erlösen (von)|False|False
deutsch|culture/religion|prehrešiť sa|freveln|False|False
deutsch|abstract/relation|vzťah|e Beziehung/en|True|False
deutsch|abstract/relation|rozdiel|r Unterschied/e|True|False
deutsch|abstract/relation|podobať sa|gleichen/glich/geglichen|False|False
deutsch|abstract/relation|porovnať|vergleichen/verglich/verglichen|True|False
deutsch|abstract/relation|vyvážiť|ausgleichen/glich/ausgeglichen|False|False
deutsch|abstract/relation|odlíšiť|unterscheiden/unterschied/unterschieden|False|False
deutsch|abstract/relation|odlišovať sa|abweichen|False|False
deutsch|abstract/relation|rovnaký|selbe(r/s) + gleich|True|False
deutsch|abstract/relation|iný|andere(r/s)|True|False
deutsch|abstract/relation|odlišný|unterschiedlich|True|False
deutsch|abstract/relation|rôzny|verschieden|True|False
deutsch|abstract/relation|podobný|ähnlich|True|False
deutsch|abstract/relation|opačný|gegensätzlich + gegenteilig|True|False
deutsch|abstract/relation|závislý|abhängig (von)|False|False
deutsch|abstract/relation|závisieť|abhängen/hing/abgehangen (von)|False|False
deutsch|abstract/relation|opak|s Gegenteil|True|False
deutsch|abstract/relation|napodobniť|nachahmen + nachmachen|False|False
deutsch|abstract/relation|obsahovať|enthalten/enthält/enthielt/enthalten|True|False
deutsch|abstract/relation|celý|ganz|True|False
deutsch|abstract/relation|celok|s Ganze|False|True
deutsch|abstract/relation|časť|r Teil/e|True|False
deutsch|abstract/relation|podiel|r Anteil/e|False|True
deutsch|abstract/relation|podeliť sa|teilen|False|True
deutsch|abstract/relation|rozdeliť|einteilen|False|True
deutsch|abstract/relation|rozložiť|verteilen|False|True
deutsch|abstract/relation|čiastočný|partiell|False|False
deutsch|abstract/relation|zjednotiť|(ver)einigen|False|False
deutsch|abstract/relation|spolu|zusammen|True|False
deutsch|abstract/relation|spoločný|gemeinsam|True|False
deutsch|abstract/relation|samotný|allein|True|False
deutsch|abstract/relation|oddelený|separat|True|False
deutsch|abstract/relation|zahrnutý|inbegriffen|False|False
deutsch|abstract/relation|spojiť|verbinden/verband/verbunden|True|False
deutsch|abstract/relation|oddeliť|(ab)trennen + (ab)sondern + scheiden/schied/geschieden|True|False
deutsch|abstract/relation|s|mit|True|False
deutsch|abstract/relation|okrem|ausser|True|False
deutsch|abstract/relation|vrátane|samt|True|False
deutsch|abstract/relation|okrem|ausschliesslich|False|False
deutsch|abstract/relation|vrátane|einschliesslich|False|False
deutsch|abstract/relation|predchodca|r Vorgänger|False|False
deutsch|abstract/relation|následník|r Nachfolger|False|False
deutsch|abstract/relation|predok|r Vorfahre/n|False|False
deutsch|abstract/relation|potomok|r Nachkomme/n|False|False
deutsch|abstract/relation|vrstva|e Schicht/en|False|False
deutsch|abstract/relation|stupeň|r Grad/e|True|False
deutsch|nature/chemia|chémia|e Chemie|True|False
deutsch|nature/chemia|sviečka|e Kerze/n|True|False
deutsch|nature/chemia|vosk|s Wachs/e|False|False
deutsch|nature/chemia|knôt|r Docht/e|False|False
deutsch|nature/chemia|látka|r Stoff/e|False|False
deutsch|nature/chemia|prvok|s Element/e|False|False
deutsch|nature/chemia|zlúčenina|e Verbindung/en|False|False
deutsch|nature/chemia|roztok|e Lösung/en|False|False
deutsch|nature/chemia|rozpustiť|auflösen|False|True
deutsch|nature/chemia|kyselina|e Säure/n|False|False
deutsch|nature/chemia|zásada|e Base/n|False|False
deutsch|nature/chemia|lepiť|kleben|True|False
deutsch|nature/chemia|-lepidlo|r Kleber + r Klebstoff/e + s Klebemittel|False|False
deutsch|nature/chemia|nalepiť|aufkleben|False|True
deutsch|nature/chemia|lepidlo|r Kleister|False|False
deutsch|nature/chemia|lepiť|kleistern|False|True
deutsch|nature/chemia|riedidlo|r Verdünner|False|False
deutsch|nature/chemia|oheň|s Feuer|True|False
deutsch|nature/chemia|plameň|e Flamme/n|True|False
deutsch|nature/chemia|iskra|r Funke/n|False|False
deutsch|nature/chemia|popol|e Asche|True|False
deutsch|nature/chemia|dym|r Rauch|True|False
deutsch|nature/chemia|požiar|r Brand/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|nature/chemia|výbuch|r Ausbruch/ü-e|True|False
deutsch|nature/chemia|výbušnina|r Sprengstoff/e|False|False
deutsch|nature/chemia|horieť|brennen/brannte/gebrannt|True|False
deutsch|nature/chemia|spáliť|verbrennen/verbrannte/verbrannt|False|True
deutsch|nature/chemia|zapáliť|anbrennen/brannte/angebrannt|False|True
deutsch|nature/chemia|vyhorieť|ausbrennen/brannte/ausgebrannt|False|True
deutsch|nature/chemia|zadusiť|ersticken|False|False
deutsch|nature/chemia|zapáliť|anzünden|False|False
deutsch|nature/chemia|spáliť|sengen|False|False
deutsch|nature/chemia|rozožrať|zerfressen/zerfrisst/zerfrass/zerfressen|False|False
deutsch|nature/chemia|pahreba|e Glut/en|False|False
deutsch|nature/chemia|petarda|r Kracher|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/navigacia|orientácia|e Orientierung/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/navigacia|smer|e Richtung/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/navigacia|smerovať|richten|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/navigacia|poloha|e Lage/n|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/navigacia|navigácia|e Navigation|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/navigacia|navigovať|navigieren|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/navigacia|sever|r Norden|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/navigacia|severný|nördlich|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/navigacia|juh|r Süden|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/navigacia|južný|südlich|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/navigacia|východ|r Ost(en)|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/navigacia|východný|östlich|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/navigacia|západ|r Westen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/navigacia|západný|westlich|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/navigacia|kompas|r Kompass/e|False|False
chinese|particles|pravda?|吧 [ba]|False|False
chinese|particles|áno/nie otázka|吗 [ma]|False|False
chinese|particles|a čo ...?|呢 [ne]|False|False
chinese|particles|wow/aha|啊 [a] + 哇 [wa] + 呀 [ya]|False|False
chinese|particles|fakt|啦 [la]|False|False
chinese|particles|ach|嘛 [ma]|False|False
chinese|particles|hej|嗯 [èn]|False|False
chinese|particles|hej!|嘿 [hēi]|False|False
chinese|particles|och|噢 [ō]|False|False
chinese|particles|ách|唉 [āi]|False|False
chinese|particles|čo?|啥 [shá]|False|False
chinese|particles|hmm|嗯哼 [ènhēng]|False|False
chinese|particles|haha|哈哈 [hāhā]|False|False
chinese|particles|hehe|呵呵 [hēhē]|False|False
chinese|particles|ale nie!|哎唷 [āiyō]|False|False
chinese|particles|au!|哎哟 [āiyō]|False|False
chinese|particles|zdar|喂 [wèi]|False|False
chinese|particles|ahoj|嗨 [hāi]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|ovocie|水果 [shuǐguǒ]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|pomaranč|橙子 [chéngzi]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|mandarinka|橘子 [júzi]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|citrón|柠檬 [níngméng]|True|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|limetka|青柠 [qīngníng]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|ananás|菠萝 [bōluó]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|kiwi|猕猴桃 [míhóutáo]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|kaki|柿 [shì]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|avokádo|鳄梨 [èlí]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|banán|香蕉 [xiāngjiāo]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|mango|芒果 [mángguǒ]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|figa|无花果 [wúhuāguǒ]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|moruša|桑树 [sāngshù]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|datľa|枣 [zǎo]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|kokosový orech|椰子 [yēzi]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|rebarbora|大黄 [dàhuáng]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|jablko|苹果 [píngguǒ]|True|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|hruška|梨子 [lízi]|True|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|slivka|李子 [lǐzǐ]|True|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|broskyňa|桃子 [táozi]|True|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|marhuľa|杏子 [xìngzi]|True|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|čerešňa|樱桃 [yīngtáo]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|višňa|酸樱桃 [suān yīngtáo]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|oliva|油橄榄 [yóu gǎnlǎn]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|ríbezla|黑醋栗 [hēi cùlì]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|egreš|醋栗 [cùlì]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|jahoda|草莓 [cǎoméi]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|malina|覆盆子 [fùpénzi]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|černica|黑莓 [hēiméi]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|čučoriedka|蓝莓 [lánméi]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|brusnica|蔓越莓 [mànyuèméi]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|hrozno|葡萄 [pútáo]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|orech|坚果 [jiānguǒ]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|arašid|花生 [huāshēng]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|mandľa|扁桃 [biǎntáo]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|pistácia|开心果 [kāixīnguǒ]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|gaštan|板栗 [bǎnlì]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|lieskový orech|榛子 [zhēnzi]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|vlašský orech|核桃 [hétáo]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|pekanový orech|山核桃 [shān hétáo]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|kešu orech|腰果 [yāoguǒ]|False|False
chinese|potraviny/ovocie|para orech|巴西坚果 [bāxī jiānguǒ]|False|False
russkiy|abstract/count|štyridsať|со́рок|False|False
deutsch|economy/industry|továreň|e Fabrik/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/industry|stroj|e Maschine/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/industry|stolár|r Tischler|True|False
deutsch|economy/industry|piliny|s Sägemehl|False|False
deutsch|economy/industry|trieska|r Span/ä-e|False|False
deutsch|economy/industry|hoblina|r Hobelspan/ä-e|False|True
deutsch|economy/industry|baník|r Bergmann/leute + r Kumpel|True|False
deutsch|economy/industry|baňa|e Grube/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/industry|šachta|r Schacht/ä-e|False|False
deutsch|economy/industry|kováč|r Schmied/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/industry|sklár|r Glasbläser|False|False
deutsch|economy/industry|ťažiť|schürfen|False|False
deutsch|economy/industry|vyťažiť|ausbeuten|False|False
deutsch|economy/industry|zvariť|schweissen|False|False
deutsch|economy/industry|klin|r Keil/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/industry|sekera|e Axt/ä-e + s Beil/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/industry|kladivo|r Hammer/ä|True|False
deutsch|economy/industry|kliešte|e Zange/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/industry|pilník|e Feile/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/industry|(o)pilovať|feilen|False|True
deutsch|economy/industry|odpilovať|abfeilen|False|True
deutsch|economy/industry|vypilovať|ausfeilen|False|True
deutsch|economy/industry|píla|e Säge/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/industry|píliť|sägen|False|True
deutsch|economy/industry|vŕtať|bohren|True|False
deutsch|economy/industry|vŕtačka|e Bohrmaschine/n|False|True
deutsch|economy/industry|sekať|hauen + hacken|True|False
deutsch|economy/industry|ostriť|wetzen|False|False
deutsch|economy/industry|kopať/hĺbiť|buddeln|False|False
deutsch|economy/industry|obal|e Packung/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/industry|kôš|r Korb/ö-e|True|False
deutsch|economy/industry|škatuľa|e Schachtel/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/industry|puzdro|e Hülle/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/industry|puzdro|s Etui/s|False|False
deutsch|economy/industry|plechovka|e Dose/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/industry|truhla|e Truhe/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/industry|taška|e Tasche/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/industry|vrece|r Beutel|True|False
deutsch|economy/industry|vrecko|e Tüte/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/industry|debna|r Kasten/ä|True|False
deutsch|economy/industry|fľaša|e Flasche/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/industry|sud|s Fass/ä-er|True|False
deutsch|economy/industry|baliť|packen|True|False
deutsch|economy/industry|zabaliť|einpacken + verpacken + einwickeln|True|False
deutsch|economy/industry|zabaliť|hüllen|False|False
deutsch|economy/industry|tryska|e Düse/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/industry|uško|r Henkel|False|False
deutsch|economy/industry|rukoväť|r Schaft/ä-e|False|False
espanol|life/terrain|hviezda|estrella|False|False
espanol|life/terrain|planéta|planeta|False|False
espanol|life/terrain|mesiac|luna|False|False
espanol|life/terrain|kométa|cometa|False|False
espanol|life/terrain|rieka|río|False|False
espanol|life/terrain|potok|arroyo|False|False
espanol|life/terrain|jazero|lago|False|False
espanol|life/terrain|more|mar|False|False
espanol|life/terrain|oceán|oceáno|False|False
espanol|life/terrain|brod|vado|False|False
espanol|life/terrain|pláž|playa|False|False
espanol|life/terrain|zátoka|bahía|False|False
espanol|life/terrain|záliv|golfo|False|False
espanol|life/terrain|prieplav|canal|False|False
espanol|life/terrain|šija|istmo|False|False
espanol|life/terrain|mys|cabo|False|False
espanol|life/terrain|hora|montaña|False|False
espanol|life/terrain|hora|monte|False|False
espanol|life/terrain|pohorie|sierra|False|False
espanol|life/terrain|pohorie|cordillera|False|False
espanol|life/terrain|kopec|colina|False|False
espanol|life/terrain|priepasť|abismo|False|False
espanol|life/terrain|údolie|valle|False|False
espanol|life/terrain|náhorná plošina|meseta|False|False
espanol|life/terrain|útes (koralový)|arrecife|False|False
espanol|life/terrain|útes (morský)|acantilado|False|False
espanol|life/terrain|jaskyňa|cueva|False|False
espanol|life/terrain|jaskyňa|caverna|False|False
espanol|life/terrain|sopka|volcán|False|False
espanol|life/terrain|polostrov|península|False|False
espanol|life/terrain|ostrov|isla|False|False
espanol|life/terrain|súostrovie|archipiélago|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb-telo|ľahnúť si|legen sich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb-telo|kľačať|knien|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb-telo|kľaknúť si|niederknien|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb-telo|čupieť|hocken + kauern|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb-telo|rozvaliť sa|lümmeln sich|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb-telo|ponárať sa|abtauchen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb-telo|brodiť sa|waten|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb-telo|pokloniť sa|verbeugen sich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb-telo|poklona|e Verbeugung/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb-telo|vydriapať sa|erklimmen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb-telo|vkĺznuť|schlüpfen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-vlastnosti|zvedavosť|e Neugier + e Neugierde|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-vlastnosti|sebavedomie|s Selbstbewusstsein|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-vlastnosti|spoľahlivosť|e Verlässlichkeit|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-vlastnosti|rozmaznanie|e Verwöhnung|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-vlastnosti|hýčkanie|e Verhätschlung|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-vlastnosti|sebectvo|e Selbstsucht|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-vlastnosti|pomstychtivosť|e Rachgier + e Rachsucht|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-vlastnosti|zlomyseľnosť|e Böswilligkeit|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-vlastnosti|zvedavý|neugierig|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-vlastnosti|sebavedomý|selbstbewusst|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-vlastnosti|spoľahlivý|verlässlich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-vlastnosti|rozmaznaný|verwöhnt|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-vlastnosti|sebecký|selbstsüchtig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-vlastnosti|pomstychtivý|rachgierig + rachsüchtig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-vlastnosti|zlomyseľný|böswillig + boshaft|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-vlastnosti|rozmaznávať|verwöhnen + verziehen/verzog/verzogen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-vlastnosti|hýčkať|verhätscheln|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-vlastnosti|spoľahnúť sa|verlassen/verlässt/verliess/verlassen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-vlastnosti|cnosť|e Tugend/en|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudské správanie/spravanie-vlastnosti|rešpekt|r Respekt|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ludske akcie/stretnutie|stretnúť|begegnen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ludske akcie/stretnutie|sprevádzať|begleiten|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ludske akcie/stretnutie|pozvať|einladen/lädt/lud/eingeladen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ludske akcie/stretnutie|pozvanie|e Einladung/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ludske akcie/stretnutie|návšteva|r Besuch|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ludske akcie/stretnutie|navštíviť|besuchen|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/ludske akcie/stretnutie|navštíviť|Besuch abstatten|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/ludske akcie/stretnutie|zúčastniť sa|beteiligen sich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ludske akcie/stretnutie|uvítať|begrüssen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|a|und|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|alebo|oder|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|ale|aber|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|nie.. ale..|nicht.. sondern..|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|pretože|denn|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|respektíve|beziehungsweise|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|nie len.. ale aj..|nicht nur.. sondern auch..|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|buď.. alebo..|entweder.. oder..|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|ani.. ani..|weder.. noch..|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|aj.. aj..|sowohl.. als (auch)..|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|práve tak ako|ebenso.. wie|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|jednak.. jednak..|einerseits.. andererseits..|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|čím.. tým..|je.. desto.. + je.. umso..|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|tým skôr že|umso.. als/weil|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|síce.. ale..|zwar.. aber..|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|niekedy.. niekedy..|bald.. bald..|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|sčasti.. sčasti..|teils.. teils..|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|aj/tiež|auch|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|ako aj|sowie|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|dokonca|sogar|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|ba dokonca|ja sogar|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|dokonca aj|selbst|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|navyše|ausserdem|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|práve tak|desgleichen + geradeso + genauso|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|podobne|gleichfalls|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|takisto|ebenfalls|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|taktiež|ebenso|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|predsa/veď|doch|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|a predsa|jedoch|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|hoci|obwohl + obschon + obgleich + wenngleich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|hoci|obzwar + wiewohl + wennschon|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|napriek tomu|trotzdem + dennoch + gleichwohl|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|aj keď|wenn.. auch|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|že|dass|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|keďže..|da..|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|lebo|weil|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|preto.. lebo|deshalb.. weil|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|tým že|indem|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|najmä preto že|zumal|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|totiž|nämlich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|aby|damit + um .. zu|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|teda/takže|also|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|preto|deshalb + daher + darum + deswegen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|a preto|somit + folglich + mithin + weshalb|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|ako (nerovné)|als|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|ako (rovné)|wie|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|tak.. ako|so.. wie|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|či|ob|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|akoby|als ob|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|zatiaľ čo|während|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|len čo|nachdem|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|odvtedy čo|seitdem|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|skôr ako|bevor + ehe|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|pokým|solange|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|potom|dann + danach + nachher + hinterher|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/jazyk/spojky|predtým|vorher + zuvor + davor|True|False
russkiy|nature/energy|energia|эне́ргия|False|False
russkiy|nature/energy|elektrina|электри́чество|False|False
russkiy|nature/energy|teplota|температу́ра|False|False
russkiy|nature/energy|teplo|тепло́|False|False
russkiy|nature/energy|teplý|тёплый|False|True
russkiy|nature/energy|chlad|хо́лод|False|False
russkiy|nature/energy|studený|холо́дный|False|True
russkiy|nature/energy|horúci|горя́чий|False|False
russkiy|nature/energy|svietiť|свети́ть|False|False
russkiy|nature/energy|žiariť|сверка́ть|False|False
russkiy|nature/energy|hriať|греть|False|False
chinese|veda/taxonomia|ríša|界 [jiè]|False|False
chinese|veda/taxonomia|kmeň|门 [mén]|False|False
chinese|veda/taxonomia|trieda|纲 [gāng]|False|False
chinese|veda/taxonomia|rad|目 [mù]|False|False
chinese|veda/taxonomia|čeľaď|科 [kē]|False|False
chinese|veda/taxonomia|rod|属 [shǔ]|False|False
chinese|veda/taxonomia|druh|种 [zhǒng]|False|False
espanol|life/bývanie|mesto|ciudad|False|False
espanol|life/bývanie|mestečko|pueblo|False|False
espanol|life/bývanie|dedina|aldea|False|False
espanol|life/bývanie|dom|casa|False|False
espanol|life/bývanie|chata|cabaña|False|False
espanol|life/bývanie|chatrč|choza|False|False
espanol|life/bývanie|byt|piso|False|False
espanol|life/bývanie|obývať|habitar|False|False
espanol|life/bývanie|adresa|dirección|False|False
espanol|life/bývanie|hosť|huésped|False|False
espanol|life/bývanie|návšteva|visita|False|False
espanol|culture/vojna|mier|paz|False|False
espanol|culture/vojna|vojna|guerra|False|False
espanol|culture/vojna|prímerie|tregua|False|False
espanol|culture/vojna|bojovať|luchar (contra)|False|False
espanol|culture/vojna|bojovať|pugnar (por)|False|False
espanol|culture/vojna|zápasiť|pelear|False|False
espanol|culture/vojna|útočiť|atacar (a)|False|False
espanol|culture/vojna|napadnúť|asaltar (a)|False|False
espanol|culture/vojna|obliehať|asediar|False|False
espanol|culture/vojna|zbraň|arma|False|False
espanol|culture/vojna|výzbroj|armamento|False|False
espanol|culture/vojna|dýka|puñal|False|False
espanol|culture/vojna|dýka|daga|False|False
espanol|culture/vojna|kopija|lanza|False|False
espanol|culture/vojna|oštep/kopija|venablo|False|False
espanol|culture/vojna|oštep|jabalina|False|False
espanol|culture/vojna|štít|escudo|False|False
espanol|culture/vojna|meč|espada|False|False
espanol|culture/vojna|kord|estoque|False|False
espanol|culture/vojna|halapartňa|alabarda|False|False
espanol|culture/vojna|brnenie|armadura|False|False
espanol|culture/vojna|šíp|flecha|False|False
espanol|culture/vojna|šíp|saeta|False|False
espanol|culture/vojna|luk|arco|False|False
espanol|culture/vojna|zákop|trinchera|False|False
espanol|culture/vojna|samopal|metralleta|False|False
espanol|culture/vojna|guľomet|ametralladora|False|False
espanol|culture/vojna|plameňomet|lanzallamas|False|False
espanol|culture/vojna|raketomet|lanzacohetes|False|False
espanol|culture/vojna|brokovnica|escopeta|False|False
espanol|culture/vojna|delo|cañón|False|False
espanol|culture/vojna|puška|fusil|False|False
espanol|culture/vojna|tank|tanque|False|False
espanol|culture/vojna|mína|mina|False|False
espanol|culture/vojna|bomba|bomba|False|False
espanol|culture/vojna|náboj|cartucho|False|False
espanol|culture/vojna|guľka|bala|False|False
espanol|culture/vojna|granát|granada|False|False
espanol|culture/vojna|húfnica|obús|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|mliekáreň|e Molkerei/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/food|pekáreň|e Bäckerei/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/food|mäsiarstvo|e Fleischerei/en + e Metzgerei/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/food|mäsiar|r Fleischer + r Metzger|True|False
deutsch|economy/food|pekár|r Bäcker|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|recept|s Rezept/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/food|variť|kochen|True|False
deutsch|economy/food|piecť|backen/backte/gebacken|True|False
deutsch|economy/food|zapiecť|überbacken/überbackte/überbacken|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|smažiť|braten/brät/briet/gebraten|True|False
deutsch|economy/food|opražiť|anbraten/brät/briet/angebraten|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|pripáliť|verbraten/verbrät/verbriet/verbraten|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|krájať|schneiden/schnitt/geschnitten|True|False
deutsch|economy/food|roztopiť|zerlassen/zerlässt/zerliess/zerlassen|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|naliať (načapovať)|einschenken|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|čapovať|ausschenken|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|pripraviť (jedlo)|zubereiten|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|dusiť|schmoren|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|pražiť|rösten|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|miesiť|kneten|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|šľahať|schlagen/schlägt/schlug/geschlagen|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|strúhať|reiben/rieb/gerieben|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|mlieť|mahlen|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|odšťaviť|entsaften|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|zahustiť|eindicken|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|okoreniť|würzen|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|kysnúť|aufgehen/ging/aufgegangen|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|kvasiť|gären|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|cediť|seihen|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|precediť|abseihen + durchseihen|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|naložiť do soli|pökeln|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|presoliť|versalzen|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|rozdrviť|zerreiben/zerrieb/zerrieben|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|kvasenie|e Gärung/en|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|hustý|sämig|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|predvarený|vorgegart|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|zástera|e Schürze/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/food|misa|e Schüssel/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/food|tanier|r Teller|True|False
deutsch|economy/food|príbor|s Besteck/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/food|vidlička|e Gabel/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/food|lyžica|r Löffel|True|False
deutsch|economy/food|nôž|s Messer|True|False
deutsch|economy/food|luskáčik na orechy|r Nussknacker|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|pohár|s Glas/ä-er|True|False
deutsch|economy/food|hrnček|r Becher|True|False
deutsch|economy/food|šálka|e Tasse/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/food|krčah|r Krug/ü-e|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|slamka|r Strohhalm/e|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|kelímok|r Tiegel|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|čaša|r Kelch/e|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|hrniec|r Topf/ö-e|True|False
deutsch|economy/food|panvica|e Pfanne/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/food|pokrievka|r Deckel|True|False
deutsch|economy/food|naberačka|e Kelle/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/food|sitko|s Sieb/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/food|mlynček|e Mühle/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/food|cedidlo|r Seiher|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|strúhadlo|s Reibeisen + e Raspel/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|pekáč|e Bratpfanne/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|kastról|e Kasserolle/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|čajník|r Teekessel|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|varecha|r Kochlöffel|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|vývrtka|r Korkenzieher|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|škrabka|r Schäler|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|valček na cesto|e Teigrolle/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|odmerka|r Messbecher|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|doska na krájanie|s Schneidebrett/er|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|trvanlivý|haltbar|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|čerstvý|frisch|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|pokazený|verdorben|False|False
deutsch|economy/food|expirovaný|abgelaufen|False|False
espanol|life/shape|vrkoč|trenza|False|False
espanol|life/shape|ofina|fleco + flequillo|False|False
espanol|life/shape|štíhly|delgado|False|False
espanol|life/shape|vychudnutý|flaco|False|False
espanol|life/shape|tučný|corpulento|False|False
chinese|basic|ktorý|哪 [nǎ]|False|False
chinese|basic|tento|这 [zhè]|False|False
chinese|basic|tamten|那 [nà]|False|False
chinese|basic|jediný|唯一 [wéiyī]|False|False
chinese|basic|približne|大约 [dàyuē]|False|False
chinese|basic|áno|是 [shì]|False|False
chinese|basic|nie|不 [bù]|False|False
chinese|basic|možno|也许 [yěxǔ] + 或许 [huòxǔ]|False|False
chinese|basic|a|和 [hé]|False|False
chinese|basic|alebo|或者 [huòzhě]|False|False
chinese|basic|nie len ... ale aj|不仅 ... 而且 [bùjǐn ... érqiě]|False|False
chinese|basic|s|跟 [gēn]|False|False
deutsch|culture/law|polícia|e Polizei|True|False
deutsch|culture/law|policajt|r Polizist/en|False|True
deutsch|culture/law|fízli|e Polente|False|False
deutsch|culture/law|detektív|r Detektiv/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/law|zákon|s Gesetz/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/law|zákonník|s Gesetzbuch/ü-er|False|True
deutsch|culture/law|zákonný|gesetzlich|False|True
deutsch|culture/law|zmluva|r Vertrag/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|culture/law|zmluvný|vertraglich|False|True
deutsch|culture/law|ústava|e Verfassung/en|False|False
deutsch|culture/law|previniť sa|verstossen/verstösst/verstiess/verstossen (gegen)|False|False
deutsch|culture/law|dohoda|s Abkommen|False|False
deutsch|culture/law|výhovorka|e Ausrede/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/law|väzenie|s Gefängnis/se|True|False
deutsch|culture/law|väzeň|r Gefangene/n|False|True
deutsch|culture/law|basa|s Kittchen|False|False
deutsch|culture/law|nápravné zariadenie|s Zuchthaus|False|False
deutsch|culture/law|mreža|s Gitter|True|False
deutsch|culture/law|väzeň|r Häftling/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/law|súdiť|richten|True|False
deutsch|culture/law|súd|s Gericht/e|False|True
deutsch|culture/law|súdny|gerichtlich|False|True
deutsch|culture/law|sudca|r Richter|False|True
deutsch|culture/law|popraviť|hinrichten|False|True
deutsch|culture/law|poprava|e Hinrichtung/en|False|True
deutsch|culture/law|právnik|r Jurist/en|True|False
deutsch|culture/law|advokát|r Anwalt/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|culture/law|rozsudok|s Urteil/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/law|odsúdiť|verurteilen|False|True
deutsch|culture/law|odsúdenie|e Verurteilung/en|False|True
deutsch|culture/law|odsúdenec|r Verurteilte/n|False|True
deutsch|culture/law|zatratiť|verdammen|True|False
deutsch|culture/law|zatratenie|e Verdammung/en + e Verdammnis|False|True
deutsch|culture/law|výpoveď|e Aussage/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/law|vypovedať|aussagen|False|True
deutsch|culture/law|svedok|r Zeuge/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/law|svedčiť|zeugen|False|True
deutsch|culture/law|výsluch|e Vernehmung/en + s Verhör/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/law|vina|e Schuld|True|False
deutsch|culture/law|vinný|schuldig|False|True
deutsch|culture/law|nevinný|schuldlos|False|True
deutsch|culture/law|zažalovať|verklagen|False|False
deutsch|culture/law|právo|s Recht/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/law|spravodlivý|gerecht|False|True
deutsch|culture/law|spravodlivosť|e Gerechtigkeit/en|False|True
deutsch|human/safety|dobrodružstvo|s Abenteuer|False|False
deutsch|human/safety|dobrodružný|abenteuerlich|False|False
deutsch|human/safety|bezpečný|sicher|True|False
deutsch|human/safety|bezpečnosť|e Sicherheit/en|False|True
deutsch|human/safety|istota|e Sicherheit/en|False|True
deutsch|human/safety|nebezpečný|gefährlich|True|False
deutsch|human/safety|nebezpečenstvo|e Gefahr/en|False|True
deutsch|human/safety|ohrozovať|gefährden|False|True
deutsch|human/safety|opatrný|behutsam|False|False
deutsch|human/safety|ohrozovať|bedrohen|True|False
deutsch|human/safety|riskovať|riskieren|True|False
deutsch|human/safety|dávať pozor|aufpassen (auf)|False|False
deutsch|human/safety|strážiť|hüten|False|False
deutsch|human/safety|strážiť|überwachen|False|False
deutsch|human/safety|chrániť|bewahren (vor)|False|False
deutsch|human/safety|chrániť|behüten (vor)|False|False
deutsch|human/safety|ušetriť|verschonen|False|False
deutsch|human/safety|poplach|r Alarm/e|True|False
deutsch|human/safety|kľúč|r Schlüssel|True|False
deutsch|human/safety|zámka|das Schloss/ö-er|True|False
deutsch|human/safety|klietka|r Käfig/e|True|False
deutsch|human/safety|pakľúč|r Dietrich/e|False|False
deutsch|human/safety|zamknúť|einsperren|False|False
deutsch|human/safety|záchrana|e Bergung/en|True|False
deutsch|human/safety|odolný|widerstandsfähig|False|False
deutsch|human/safety|obrnený|gefeit (gegen)|False|False
deutsch|human/safety|zraniteľný|verletzlich + verletzbar|False|False
deutsch|human/safety|nadbytočný|überflüssig|True|False
deutsch|human/safety|prebytočný|überschüssig|False|False
deutsch|human/safety|vrátnik|r Pförtner|False|False
deutsch|nature/material|škvara|e Schlacke/n|False|False
deutsch|nature/material|decht|r Teer|False|False
deutsch|nature/material|diamant|r Diamant/en|True|False
deutsch|nature/material|kremeň|r Quarz/e|False|False
deutsch|nature/material|minerál|s Mineral/e|False|False
deutsch|nature/material|hornina|s Gestein/e|False|False
deutsch|nature/material|ruda|s Erz/e|False|False
deutsch|nature/material|kameň|r Stein/e|True|False
deutsch|nature/material|kamenitý|steinig|False|True
deutsch|nature/material|kamenný|steinern|False|True
deutsch|nature/material|drahokam|r Edelstein + r Schmuckstein|False|True
deutsch|nature/material|jantár|r Bernstein|False|True
deutsch|nature/material|skala|r Fels|True|False
deutsch|nature/material|piesok|r Sand/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|nature/material|okrúhliak|r Kiesel|False|False
deutsch|nature/material|štrk|r Schotter + r Kies/e|False|False
deutsch|nature/material|hlina|r Lehm/e + r Ton/e|False|False
deutsch|nature/material|uhlie|e Kohle|False|False
deutsch|nature/material|zuhoľnatieť|verkohlen|False|True
deutsch|nature/material|ropa|s Erdöl|True|False
deutsch|nature/material|zemina|e Erde|False|False
deutsch|nature/material|pôda|r Boden|False|False
deutsch|nature/material|sklo|s Glas|False|False
deutsch|nature/material|síra|r Schwefel|False|False
deutsch|nature/material|sadra|r Gips|False|False
deutsch|nature/material|porcelán|s Porzellan|False|False
deutsch|nature/material|kov|s Metall|False|False
deutsch|nature/material|zliatina|e Legierung|False|False
deutsch|nature/material|zlato|s Gold|False|False
deutsch|nature/material|striebro|s Silber|False|False
deutsch|nature/material|meď|s Kupfer|False|False
deutsch|nature/material|železo|s Eisen|False|False
deutsch|nature/material|olovo|s Blei|False|False
deutsch|nature/material|cín|s Zinn|False|False
deutsch|nature/material|ortuť|s Quecksilber|False|False
deutsch|nature/material|oceľ|r Stahl/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|nature/material|bronz|e Bronze/n|False|False
deutsch|nature/material|mosadz|s Messing/e|False|False
deutsch|nature/material|hrdza|r Rost/e|True|False
deutsch|nature/material|hrdzavieť|rosten|False|True
deutsch|nature/material|hrdzavý|rostig|False|True
deutsch|nature/material|mydlová voda|e Lauge/n|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/tvorenie|byť|sein|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/tvorenie|založiť|gründen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/tvorenie|existovať|bestehen/bestand/bestanden|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/tvorenie|stvoriť|erschaffen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/tvorenie|existencia|s Bestehen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/tvorenie|stvorenie|e Erschaffung|False|False
espanol|economy/zdravie|otvorená rana|llaga|False|False
espanol|economy/zdravie|jazva|cicatriz|False|False
espanol|economy/zdravie|chrasta|costra|False|False
espanol|economy/zdravie|modrina|cardenal|False|False
espanol|economy/zdravie|modrina|moradura|False|False
espanol|economy/zdravie|popálenina|quemadura|False|False
espanol|economy/zdravie|liečiť|curar|False|False
espanol|economy/zdravie|uzdraviť|sanar|False|False
espanol|economy/zdravie|zdravie|salud|False|False
espanol|economy/zdravie|choroba|enfermedad|False|False
espanol|economy/zdravie|mor|peste|False|False
espanol|economy/zdravie|chrípka|gripe|False|False
espanol|economy/zdravie|prechladnutie|catarro|False|False
espanol|economy/zdravie|nádcha|resfriado|False|False
espanol|economy/zdravie|nádcha|constipado|False|False
espanol|economy/zdravie|osýpky|sarampión|False|False
espanol|economy/zdravie|nemocnica|hospital|False|False
espanol|economy/zdravie|obväz|vendaje|False|False
espanol|economy/zdravie|chorý|enfermo|False|False
espanol|economy/zdravie|špinavý|sucio|False|False
espanol|economy/zdravie|čistý|limpio|False|False
espanol|economy/zdravie|zdravý|sano|False|False
espanol|economy/zdravie|nezranený|ileso|False|False
espanol|economy/zdravie|vakcína|vacuna|False|False
espanol|economy/zdravie|injekčná striekačka|jeringa|False|False
espanol|economy/zdravie|skalpel|bisturí|False|False
espanol|economy/zdravie|čistiť|limpiar|False|False
espanol|economy/zdravie|umyť|fregar|False|False
espanol|economy/zdravie|prať|lavar|False|False
espanol|economy/zdravie|žehliť|planchar|False|False
russkiy|culture/beauty|krása|красота|False|False
russkiy|culture/beauty|útulný|уютный|False|False
russkiy|culture/beauty|krásny|красивый|False|False
russkiy|culture/beauty|pôvabný|прелестный|False|False
russkiy|culture/beauty|ladný|изящный|False|False
russkiy|culture/beauty|výborný|отличный|False|False
russkiy|culture/beauty|škaredý|скве́рный|False|False
russkiy|culture/beauty|hnusný|га́дкий|False|False
russkiy|culture/beauty|hnus|га́дость|False|False
deutsch|culture/family|ľudstvo|e Menschheit|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|ľudia|e Leute|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|osoba|e Person/en|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|osobný|persönlich|False|True
deutsch|culture/family|človek|r Mensch/en|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|dievča|s Mädchen|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|chlapec|r Junge/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|pán|r Herr/en|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|pani|e Frau/en|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|rodina|e Familie/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|príbuzný|r/e Verwandte/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|predok|r Vorfahr/en|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|potomok|r Nachkomme/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|otec|r Vater/ä|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|starý otec|r Grossvater/ä|False|True
deutsch|culture/family|pradedo|r Urgrossvater/ä|False|True
deutsch|culture/family|matka|e Mutter/ü|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|stará mama|e Grossmutter/ü|False|True
deutsch|culture/family|prababka|e Urgrossmutter/ü|False|True
deutsch|culture/family|ocko|r Vati/s + r Papa/s|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|mamka|e Mutti/s + e Mama/s|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|rodičia|e Eltern|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|syn|r Sohn/ö-e|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|dcéra|e Tochter/ö|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|dieťa|s Kind/er|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|sirota|e Waise/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|brat|r Bruder/ü|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|sestra|e Schwester/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|súrodenec|s Geschwister|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|dvojča|r Zwilling/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/family|dedko|r Opa/s + r Opi/s|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|babka|e Oma/s + e Omi/s|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|vnuk|r Enkel|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|vnučka|e Enkelin/nen|False|True
deutsch|culture/family|vnúča|s Enkelkind/er|False|True
deutsch|culture/family|strýko|r Onkel|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|teta|e Tante/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|synovec|r Neffe/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|neter|e Nichte/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|bratranec|r Cousin/s|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|sesternica|e Cousine/n + e Kusine/n|False|True
deutsch|culture/family|švagor|r Schwager/ä|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|švagriná|e Schwägerin/nen|False|True
deutsch|culture/family|svokrovci|r Schwiegereltern|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|svokor|r Schwiegervater/ä|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|svokra|e Schwiegermutter/ü|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|zať|r Schwiegersohn/ö-e|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|nevesta|e Schwiegertochter/ö|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|svadba|e Hochzeit/en|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|družička|e Brautjungfer/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/family|veno|e Mitgift/en|False|False
deutsch|culture/family|rozvod|e Scheidung/en|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|rozchod|e Trennung/en|False|False
deutsch|culture/family|manželstvo|e Ehe/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|manžel|r Ehemann|False|True
deutsch|culture/family|manželka|e Ehefrau/en|False|True
deutsch|culture/family|manžel|r Gatte/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/family|nevesta|e Braut/ä-e|False|False
deutsch|culture/family|ženích|r Bräutigam/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/family|vdova|e Witwe/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/family|oženiť sa|heiraten|True|False
deutsch|culture/family|ženatý|verheiratet|False|True
deutsch|culture/family|rozviesť|scheiden/schied/geschieden|False|False
deutsch|culture/family|zasnúbiť sa|verloben sich|False|False
deutsch|culture/family|zásnuby|e Verlobung/en|False|False
deutsch|culture/family|zrušenie zásnub|e Entlobung/en|False|False
deutsch|culture/family|kmotor|r Pate/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/family|kmotra|e Patin/nen|False|True
deutsch|culture/calendar|rok|s Jahr/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/calendar|ročné obdobie|e Jahreszeit/en|False|True
deutsch|culture/calendar|storočie|s Jahrhundert/e|False|True
deutsch|culture/calendar|priestupný rok|s Schaltjahr/e|False|True
deutsch|culture/calendar|mesiac|r Monat/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/calendar|týždeň|e Woche/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/calendar|víkend|s Wochenende/n|False|True
deutsch|culture/calendar|deň|r Tag/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/calendar|poludnie|r Mittag/e|False|True
deutsch|culture/calendar|dopoludnie|r Vormittag/e|False|True
deutsch|culture/calendar|odpoludnie|r Nachmittag/e|False|True
deutsch|culture/calendar|hodina|e Stunde/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/calendar|minúta|e Minute/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/calendar|sekunda|e Sekunde/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/calendar|jar|r Frühling + r Lenz|True|False
deutsch|culture/calendar|leto|r Sommer|True|False
deutsch|culture/calendar|jeseň|r Herbst|True|False
deutsch|culture/calendar|zima|r Winter|True|False
deutsch|culture/calendar|slnovrat|e Sonnenwende + e Sonnwende|False|False
deutsch|culture/calendar|rovnodennosť|s Äquinoktium + e Tagundnachtgleiche|False|False
deutsch|culture/calendar|január|r Januar|True|False
deutsch|culture/calendar|február|r Februar|True|False
deutsch|culture/calendar|marec|r März|True|False
deutsch|culture/calendar|apríl|r April|True|False
deutsch|culture/calendar|máj|r Mai|True|False
deutsch|culture/calendar|jún|r Juni + Juno|True|False
deutsch|culture/calendar|júl|r Juli|True|False
deutsch|culture/calendar|august|r August|True|False
deutsch|culture/calendar|september|r September|True|False
deutsch|culture/calendar|október|r Oktober|True|False
deutsch|culture/calendar|november|r November|True|False
deutsch|culture/calendar|december|r Dezember|True|False
deutsch|culture/calendar|pondelok|r Montag|True|False
deutsch|culture/calendar|utorok|r Dienstag|True|False
deutsch|culture/calendar|streda|r Mittwoch|True|False
deutsch|culture/calendar|štvrtok|r Donnerstag|True|False
deutsch|culture/calendar|piatok|r Freitag|True|False
deutsch|culture/calendar|sobora|r Samstag + r Sonnabend|True|False
deutsch|culture/calendar|nedeľa|r Sonntag|True|False
deutsch|culture/calendar|ráno|r Morgen|True|False
deutsch|culture/calendar|každé ráno|morgens|False|True
deutsch|culture/calendar|večer|r Abend/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/calendar|po večeroch|abends|False|True
deutsch|culture/calendar|noc|e Nacht/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|culture/calendar|polnoc|e Mitternacht/ä-e|False|True
deutsch|culture/calendar|úsvit/súmrak|e Dämmerung/en|False|False
deutsch|culture/calendar|včera|gestern|True|False
deutsch|culture/calendar|predvčera|vorgestern|False|True
deutsch|culture/calendar|dnes|heute|True|False
deutsch|culture/calendar|zajtra|morgen|True|False
deutsch|culture/calendar|pozajtra|übermorgen|False|True
deutsch|culture/calendar|kalendár|r Kalender|True|False
deutsch|culture/calendar|dátum|s Datum|True|False
russkiy|culture/food|polievka|суп|False|False
russkiy|culture/food|omáčka|со́ус|False|False
russkiy|culture/food|mlieko|молоко́|False|False
russkiy|culture/food|vajce|яйцо́|False|False
russkiy|culture/food|syr|сыр|False|False
russkiy|culture/food|ryža|рис|False|False
russkiy|culture/food|paradajka|помидо́р|False|False
russkiy|culture/food|uhorka|огуре́ц|False|False
russkiy|culture/food|mrkva|морко́вь|False|False
russkiy|culture/food|petržlen|петру́шка|False|False
russkiy|culture/food|kapusta|капу́ста|False|False
russkiy|culture/food|cibuľa|лук|False|False
russkiy|culture/food|cesnak|чесно́к|False|False
russkiy|culture/food|jablko|я́блоко|False|False
russkiy|culture/food|hruška|гру́ша|False|False
russkiy|culture/food|hrach|горо́х|False|False
russkiy|culture/food|fazuľa|фасо́ль|False|False
russkiy|culture/food|ananás|анана́с|False|False
russkiy|culture/food|banán|бана́н|False|False
russkiy|culture/food|rezanec|лапша́|False|False
russkiy|culture/food|koláč|пиро́г|False|False
russkiy|culture/food|chlieb|хлеб|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|ovocie|s Obst|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|pomaranč|e Orange + e Apfelsine|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|mandarinka|e Mandarine|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|citrón|e Zitrone|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|limetka|e Limette|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|ananás|e Ananas|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|kiwi|e Kiwi/s + e Kiwifrucht|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|kaki|e Kaki|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|avokádo|e Avocado/s|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|banán|e Banane/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|mango|e Mango/s|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|figa|e Feige/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|datľa|e Dattel/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|kokosový orech|e Kokosnuss/ü-e|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|jablko|r Apfel/ä|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|hruška|e Birne/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|slivka|e Pflaume/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|broskyňa|r Pfirsich|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|marhuľa|e Aprikose/n + e Marille/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|čerešňa|e Kirsche/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|višňa|e Sauerkirsche/n + e Weichsel/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|oliva|e Olive/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|ríbezla|e Johannisbeere/n + e Ribisel/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|egreš|e Stachelbeere/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|jahoda|e Erdbeere/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|malina|e Himbeere/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|černica|e Brombeere/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|čučoriedka|e Heidelbeere/n + e Blaubeere/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|brusnica|e Preiselbeere/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|moruša|e Maulbeere/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|hrozno|e Weintraube/n + e Traube/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|orech|e Nuss/ü-e|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|arašid|e Erdnuss|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|mandľa|e Mandel/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|pistácia|e Pistazie/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|gaštan|e Kastanie/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|lieskový orech|e Haselnuss|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|vlašský orech|e Walnuss|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|pekanový orech|e Pekannuss|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|kešu orech|e Cashewnuss|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|para orech|e Paranuss|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/fruit|rebarbora|r Rhabarber|False|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|oblečenie|e Kleidung|True|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|bielizeň|e Wäsche|True|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|vyzliecť|ausziehen/zog/ausgezogen|False|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|obliecť|anziehen/zog/angezogen + kleiden|True|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|prezliecť|umziehen/zog/umgezogen + umkleiden|False|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|mať oblečené|anhaben/hat/hatte/angehabt + umhaben/hat/hatte/umgehabt|False|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|sukňa|r Rock/ö-e|True|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|nohavice|e Hose/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|traky|r Hosenträger|False|True
deutsch|culture/cloths|rázporok|r Hosenschlitz/e|False|True
deutsch|culture/cloths|opasok|r Gürtel|True|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|spona|e Schnalle/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|topánka|r Schuh/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|podrážka|e Schuhsohle/n|False|True
deutsch|culture/cloths|obuvák|r Schuhlöffel|False|True
deutsch|culture/cloths|ponožka|e Socke/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|čižma|r Stiefel|True|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|podpätok|r Absatz/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|papuča|r Pantoffel/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|sandál|e Sandale/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|lodičky|r Pumps|False|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|klobúk|r Hut/ü-e|True|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|čiapka|e Mütze/n + e Kappe/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|kapucňa|e Kapuze/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|čelenka|s Stirnband/ä-er|False|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|šál|r Schal/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|kravata|e Krawatte/n + r Schlips/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|rúcho|s Gewand/ä-er|False|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|kabát|r Mantel/ä|True|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|bunda|e Jacke/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|košeľa|s Hemd/en|True|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|oblek|r Anzug/ü-e|True|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|šaty|s Kleid/er|True|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|rukavica|r Handschuh/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|výstrih|r Ausschnitt/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|golier|r Kragen|False|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|rukáv|r Ärmel|False|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|kroj|e Tracht/en|False|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|korzet|s Mieder|False|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|peňaženka|e Geldtasche/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|kabelka|e Handtasche/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|okuliare|e Brille/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|prsteň|r Ring/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|podprsenka|r Büstenhalter|False|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|slipy|r Slip/s|False|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|nohavičky|r Slip/s + r Schlüpfer + s Höschen|False|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|pančucha|r Strumpf/ü-e|False|False
deutsch|culture/cloths|podväzkový pás|r Strumpfhalter|False|True
deutsch|culture/cloths|vešiak|r Bügel|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|ľubovoľný|beliebig|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|jedinečný|einzigartig|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|obyčajný|üblich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|určitý|bestimmt|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|jednoznačný|eindeutig|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|čudný|seltsam|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|zvláštny|merkwürdig|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|bizarný|skurril|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|pravidlo|e Regel/n|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|pravidelný|regelmässig|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|výnimka|e Ausnahme/n|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|zvyčajný|gewöhnlich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|výnimočný|aussergewöhnlich|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|rozmanitosť|e Vielfalt|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|rozmanitý|vielfältig|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|príklad|s Beispiel/e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|napríklad|zum Beispiel|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|skúsiť|probieren|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|skúsiť|versuchen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|pokus|r Versuch/e|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|nastaviť|einstellen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|nastavenie|e Einstellung/en|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|nastaviteľný|einstellbar + verstellbar|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|nahradiť|ersetzen (durch)|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|nahraditeľný|entbehrlich + ersetzbar|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|vymeniť|wechseln|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|vymeniť|auswechseln|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|vymeniť|tauschen + austauschen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|výmena|r Tausch + r Austausch|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|zastupovať|vertreten/vertritt/vertrat/vertreten|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|hľadať|suchen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|hľadanie|e Suche/n|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|vyhľadať|aussuchen|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|nájsť|finden/fand/gefunden|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|vypátrať|ausfindig machen|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|zistiť|ermitteln|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|zistenie|e Ermittlung/en|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|pátrať|fahnden|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|pátranie|e Fahndung/en|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|stratiť|verlieren/verlor/verloren|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|údajný|vermutlich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|návrh|r Vorschlag/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|navrhnúť|vorschlagen|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|ponuka|s Angebot/e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|ponúkať|darbieten|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|požadovať|erfordern|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|požiadavka|s Erfordernis/se|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|výber|e Auslese/n|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|vytriediť|auslesen/liest/las/ausgelesen|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|vylúčiť|ausschliessen/schloss/ausgeschlossen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/moznosti|rozhodnúť|beschliessen/beschloss/beschlossen|False|False
deutsch|nature/light|svetlo|s Licht/er|True|False
deutsch|nature/light|lesk|r Glanz|True|False
deutsch|nature/light|tma|e Dunkelheit + s Dunkel|True|False
deutsch|nature/light|tieň|r Schatten|True|False
deutsch|nature/light|temnota|s Finsternis/se|False|False
deutsch|nature/light|lúč|r Strahl/en|False|False
deutsch|nature/light|žiarenie|e Strahlung/en|False|False
deutsch|nature/light|žiariť|strahlen + scheinen/schien/geschienen|True|False
deutsch|nature/light|svietiť|leuchten|True|False
deutsch|nature/light|lesknúť sa|glänzen|True|False
deutsch|nature/light|blikať|blinken|False|False
deutsch|nature/light|trblietať sa|flimmern|False|False
deutsch|nature/light|ligotať sa|funkeln|False|False
deutsch|nature/light|zhasnúť|ausmachen|True|False
deutsch|nature/light|zhasnúť|verlöschen|False|False
deutsch|nature/light|tmavý|dunkel|True|False
deutsch|nature/light|svetlý|licht + hell|True|False
deutsch|nature/light|farebný|farbig|True|False
deutsch|nature/light|lesklý|glänzend|True|False
deutsch|nature/light|matný|matt|True|False
deutsch|nature/light|temný|finster|False|False
deutsch|nature/light|úplne temný|stockfinster|False|False
deutsch|nature/light|tieniť|schatten|False|False
deutsch|nature/light|stmaviť|abdunkeln|False|False
deutsch|nature/light|osvetliť|erleuchten + beleuchten|False|False
deutsch|nature/light|ožiariť|bestrahlen + bescheinen/beschien/beschienen + anscheinen/schien/angeschienen|False|False
deutsch|nature/light|rozžiariť|verklären|False|False
deutsch|nature/light|hýriť farbami|schillern|False|False
deutsch|nature/light|farba|e Farbe/n|True|False
deutsch|nature/light|odtieň|r Farbton/ö-e|False|False
deutsch|nature/light|zafarbenie|e Färbung/en|False|False
deutsch|nature/light|červený|rot|True|False
deutsch|nature/light|zelený|grün|True|False
deutsch|nature/light|modrý|blau|True|False
deutsch|nature/light|žltý|gelb|True|False
deutsch|nature/light|fialový|violett|True|False
deutsch|nature/light|ružový|rosa|True|False
deutsch|nature/light|oranžový|orange|True|False
deutsch|nature/light|hnedý|braun|True|False
deutsch|nature/light|béžový|beige|True|False
deutsch|nature/light|biely|weiss|True|False
deutsch|nature/light|čierny|schwarz|True|False
deutsch|nature/light|sivý|grau|True|False
deutsch|nature/light|bledý|blass + bleich + fahl|True|False
deutsch|nature/light|zblednúť|erbleichen|False|False
deutsch|nature/light|vyblednúť|verblassen|False|False
deutsch|nature/light|farbiť|färben|False|False
deutsch|nature/light|zafarbiť|verfärben + einfärben|False|False
deutsch|nature/light|odfarbiť|entfärben|False|False
deutsch|nature/light|prefarbiť|umfärben|False|False
espanol|psychology/security|bezpečnosť|seguridad|False|False
espanol|psychology/security|dôvera|confianza|False|False
espanol|psychology/security|podozrenie|sospecha|False|False
espanol|psychology/security|nebezpečenstvo|peligro|False|False
espanol|psychology/security|riziko|riesgo|False|False
espanol|psychology/security|zrada|traición|False|False
espanol|psychology/security|úprimnosť|sinceridad|False|False
espanol|psychology/security|lož|mentira|False|False
espanol|psychology/security|podvod|engaño|False|False
espanol|psychology/security|dôkaz|prueba|False|False
espanol|psychology/security|záchrana|salvación|False|False
espanol|psychology/security|pomoc|ayuda|False|False
espanol|psychology/security|veriť|creer (a)|False|False
espanol|psychology/security|chrániť|proteger (de)|False|False
espanol|psychology/security|podozrievať|sospechar (de)|False|False
espanol|psychology/security|klamať|mentir|False|False
espanol|psychology/security|podviesť|engañar|False|False
espanol|psychology/security|zradiť|traicionar|False|False
espanol|psychology/security|strážiť|vigilar|False|False
espanol|psychology/security|zachrániť|salvar|False|False
espanol|psychology/security|pomôcť|ayudar (a)|False|False
espanol|psychology/security|česť|honra|False|False
espanol|psychology/security|poctivý|honrado|False|False
espanol|psychology/security|hrozba|amenaza|False|False
espanol|psychology/security|strach|miedo|False|False
espanol|psychology/security|báť sa|temer|False|False
espanol|psychology/security|odvaha|coraje|False|False
espanol|psychology/security|odvážny|valiente|False|False
espanol|psychology/security|bojazlivý|miedoso|False|False
espanol|psychology/security|desivý|espantoso|False|False
espanol|psychology/security|nebezpečný|peligroso|False|False
espanol|psychology/security|vystrašiť|asustar|False|False
espanol|psychology/security|hrdinský čin|hazaña|False|False
espanol|economy/furniture|stôl|mesa|False|False
espanol|economy/furniture|stolička|silla|False|False
espanol|economy/furniture|skriňa|armario|False|False
espanol|economy/furniture|polica|estante|False|False
espanol|economy/furniture|poslanecké kreslo|escaño|False|False
russkiy|culture/religion|obeť|же́ртва|False|False
russkiy|culture/religion|pohan|язы́чник|False|False
russkiy|economy/contruction|osada|посёлок|False|False
russkiy|economy/contruction|dedina|дере́вня|False|False
russkiy|economy/contruction|mesto|го́род|False|False
russkiy|economy/contruction|podlaha|пол|False|False
russkiy|economy/contruction|strop|потоло́к|False|False
russkiy|economy/contruction|stena|стена́|False|False
russkiy|economy/contruction|dvere|дверь|False|False
russkiy|economy/contruction|okno|окно́|False|False
russkiy|economy/contruction|pivnica|подва́л|False|False
russkiy|economy/contruction|balkón|балко́н|False|False
russkiy|economy/contruction|chodník|тротуа́р|False|False
russkiy|economy/contruction|ulica|у́лица|False|False
russkiy|economy/contruction|cesta|доро́га|False|False
russkiy|economy/contruction|most|мост|False|False
russkiy|economy/contruction|tunel|тунне́ль|False|False
russkiy|economy/contruction|plot|забо́р|False|False
russkiy|economy/contruction|dom|дом|False|False
russkiy|economy/contruction|izba|ко́мната|False|False
russkiy|economy/contruction|strecha|кры́ша|False|False
russkiy|economy/contruction|komín|ками́н|False|False
russkiy|economy/contruction|škridla|черепи́ца|False|False
deutsch|life/life|roj|r Schwarm/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|life/life|kŕdeľ|r Schwarm/ä-e + e Schar/en|True|False
deutsch|life/life|stádo|e Herde/n|True|False
deutsch|life/life|svorka|s Rudel|True|False
deutsch|life/life|svorka psov|e Meute|True|False
deutsch|life/life|žiť|leben|True|False
deutsch|life/life|život|s Leben|False|True
deutsch|life/life|prežiť|überleben|False|True
deutsch|life/life|zažiť|erleben|False|True
deutsch|life/life|zážitok|s Erlebnis/se|False|True
deutsch|life/life|dožiť|ableben|False|True
deutsch|life/life|úmrtie|s Ableben|False|True
deutsch|life/life|ožiť|aufleben|False|True
deutsch|life/life|oživiť|beleben|False|True
deutsch|life/life|živý|lebendig|False|True
deutsch|life/life|tvor|s Geschöpf/e|False|False
deutsch|life/life|zviera|s Tier/e|False|False
deutsch|life/life|bunka|e Zelle/n|True|False
deutsch|life/life|klíček|r Keim/e|False|False
deutsch|life/life|rásť|wachsen/wächst/wuchs/gewachsen|True|False
deutsch|life/life|kvitnúť|blühen|True|False
deutsch|life/life|vyrásť|erwachsen/erwächst/erwuchs/erwachsen|False|False
deutsch|life/life|zrásť|verwachsen/verwächst/verwuchs/verwachsen|False|False
deutsch|life/life|dorásť|nachwachsen/wächst/wuchs/nachgewachsen|False|False
deutsch|life/life|narodený|geboren|True|False
deutsch|life/life|zvädnutý|welk|False|False
deutsch|life/life|klíčiť|keimen|False|False
deutsch|life/life|vyklíčiť|aufkeimen|False|True
deutsch|life/life|rozrastať sa|wuchern|False|False
deutsch|life/life|oplodniť|befruchten|False|False
deutsch|life/life|množiť sa|fortpflanzen sich|False|False
deutsch|life/life|neresiť sa (ryby)|laichen|False|False
deutsch|life/life|narodiť sa|geboren sein|False|False
deutsch|life/life|vyliahnuť sa|ausschlüpfen + auskriechen/kroch/ausgekrochen|False|False
deutsch|life/life|pôrod|e Geburt/en + e Entbindung/en|True|False
deutsch|life/life|porodiť|gebären + entbinden|True|False
deutsch|life/life|tehotná|schwanger|True|False
deutsch|life/life|tehotenstvo|e Schwangerschaft/en|False|True
deutsch|life/life|dojčiť|stillen|False|False
deutsch|life/life|pohlavie|s Geschlecht/er|True|False
deutsch|life/life|vek|s Alter|True|False
deutsch|life/life|dvadsiatnik|r Twen/s|False|False
deutsch|life/life|starý|alt|True|False
deutsch|life/life|mladý|jung|True|False
deutsch|life/life|detstvo|e Kindheit|True|False
deutsch|life/life|starecký|greisenhaft|False|False
deutsch|life/life|postarší|betagt|False|False
deutsch|life/life|chradnúť|verkümmern|False|False
deutsch|life/life|starnúť|vergreisen|False|False
deutsch|life/life|zomrieť|sterben/stirb/starb/gestorben|True|False
deutsch|life/life|vymrieť|aussterben/stirb/starb/ausgestorben|False|True
deutsch|life/life|smrť|r Tod/e|True|False
deutsch|life/life|smrteľný|tödlich|False|True
deutsch|life/life|mŕtvy|tot|False|True
deutsch|life/life|mŕtvola|e Leiche/n|True|False
deutsch|life/life|zabiť|töten + erschlagen/erschlägt/erschlug/erschlagen|True|False
deutsch|life/life|zdochlina|s Aas/e|False|False
deutsch|life/life|novorodenec|s Neugeborene/n|False|False
deutsch|life/life|kojenec|r Säugling/e|False|False
deutsch|life/life|batoľa|s Krabbelkind|False|False
deutsch|life/life|starec|r Greis/e|False|False
deutsch|grammar|chemical elements (DER: Phosphor|Schwefel)|False|False
deutsch|grammar|fruit (DER: Apfel|Pfirsich)|False|False
deutsch|grammar|/en: Burg|Milz|False|False
deutsch|grammar|-g (s Zeug|e Burg)|False|False
deutsch|grammar|-s: Ketchup|Bonbon|False|False
deutsch|grammar|YES: body parts|mammals|False|False
deutsch|grammar|#ei[ss|ch|d|f|t]en -> i -> i (+ doppel|d->t)|False|False
deutsch|economy/crime|spáchať zločin|verbrechen/verbricht/verbrach/verbrochen|False|False
deutsch|economy/crime|zločin|s Verbrechen|False|True
deutsch|economy/crime|zločinec|r Verbrecher|False|True
deutsch|economy/crime|násilie|e Gewalt|True|False
deutsch|economy/crime|násilný|gewaltsam|False|True
deutsch|economy/crime|násilník|r Gewalttäter|False|True
deutsch|economy/crime|násilnícky|gewalttätig|False|True
deutsch|economy/crime|brutálny|rabiat|False|False
deutsch|economy/crime|podpaľač|r Brandstifter|False|False
deutsch|economy/crime|podpaľačstvo|e Brandstiftung|False|True
deutsch|economy/crime|zlodej|r Dieb|True|False
deutsch|economy/crime|krádež|r Diebstahl|False|True
deutsch|economy/crime|kradnúť|stehlen/stiehlt/stahl/gestohlen|True|False
deutsch|economy/crime|okradnúť|bestehlen/bestiehlt/bestahl/bestohlen|False|True
deutsch|economy/crime|ukradnúť|klauen|False|False
deutsch|economy/crime|korisť|e Beute|True|False
deutsch|economy/crime|ukoristiť|erbeuten|False|True
deutsch|economy/crime|zneužívať|ausbeuten|False|True
deutsch|economy/crime|vykorisťovanie|e Ausbeutung/en|False|True
deutsch|economy/crime|lúpiť|rauben|True|False
deutsch|economy/crime|vylúpiť|ausrauben|False|True
deutsch|economy/crime|olúpiť|berauben|False|True
deutsch|economy/crime|zbojník|r Räuber|False|True
deutsch|economy/crime|pirát|r Seeräuber|False|True
deutsch|economy/crime|ukoristiť|kapern|False|False
deutsch|economy/crime|dolapiť|aufgreifen/griff/aufgegriffen|False|False
deutsch|economy/crime|vražda|r Mord/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/crime|vrah|r Mörder|False|True
deutsch|economy/crime|vraždiť|morden|False|True
deutsch|economy/crime|zavraždiť|ermorden|False|True
deutsch|economy/crime|samovražda|r Selbstmord/e|False|True
deutsch|economy/crime|zavraždiť|umbringen/brachte/umgebracht|True|False
deutsch|economy/crime|vlámať sa|einbrechen|False|False
deutsch|economy/crime|vlámanie|r Einbruch/ü-e|False|True
deutsch|economy/crime|vlamač|r Einbrecher|False|True
deutsch|economy/crime|falšovať|fälschen|False|False
deutsch|economy/crime|falzifikát|e Fälschung|False|True
deutsch|economy/crime|falšovateľ|r Fälscher|False|True
deutsch|economy/crime|podplatiť|bestechen/besticht/bestach/bestochen|False|False
deutsch|economy/crime|úplatný|bestechlich|False|True
deutsch|economy/crime|podplácanie|e Bestechung|False|True
deutsch|economy/crime|úplatok|s Bestechungsgeld|False|True
deutsch|economy/crime|vydierať|erpressen|False|False
deutsch|economy/crime|vydierač|r Erpresser|False|True
deutsch|economy/crime|vydieranie|e Erpressung|False|True
deutsch|economy/crime|výpalné|s Schutzgeld/er|False|False
deutsch|economy/crime|úžera|r Wucher|False|False
deutsch|economy/crime|podvod|r Betrug|False|False
deutsch|economy/crime|rukojemník|e Geisel/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/crime|nezvestný|verschollen|True|False
deutsch|economy/crime|uniesť|entführen|False|False
deutsch|economy/crime|únosca|r Entführer|False|True
deutsch|economy/crime|únos|e Entführung|False|True
deutsch|economy/crime|spreneveriť|unterschlagen/unterschlägt/unterschlug/unterschlagen|False|False
deutsch|economy/crime|sprenevera|e Unterschlagung|False|False
deutsch|economy/crime|pašovať|schmuggeln|False|False
deutsch|economy/crime|pašovanie|r Schmuggel|False|True
deutsch|economy/crime|pašerák|r Schmuggler|False|True
deutsch|economy/crime|vypočúvať|verhören|False|False
deutsch|economy/crime|zatknúť|verhaften|True|False
deutsch|economy/crime|zatknutie|e Verhaftung/en|False|True
deutsch|economy/crime|znásilniť|vergewaltigen|True|False
deutsch|economy/crime|znásilnenie|e Vergewaltigung/en|False|True
deutsch|economy/crime|mučiť|foltern|True|False
deutsch|economy/crime|mučenie|e Folter/n + e Folterung/en|False|True
deutsch|economy/crime|spreneveriť|veruntreuen|False|False
deutsch|economy/crime|podvodník|r Betrüger|False|False
deutsch|economy/crime|bandita|r Bandit|False|False
deutsch|economy/crime|pytliak|r Wilderer|False|False
deutsch|economy/crime|skorumpovaný|bestechlich|False|False
russkiy|abstract/structure|meno|и́мя|False|False
russkiy|abstract/structure|predchádzajúci|пре́жний|False|False
russkiy|abstract/structure|nasledujúci|сле́дующий|False|False
russkiy|abstract/structure|postupne|поочерёднонареч|False|False
russkiy|abstract/structure|podmienka|усло́вие|False|False
russkiy|abstract/structure|podmienečný|условный|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/hovorove|bľabotanie|s Geplapper|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/hovorove|bľabotať|plappern|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/hovorove|mizerný|mies|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/hovorove|oplzlý|schlüpfrig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/hovorove|banda|e Rotte/n|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/hovorove|chlapík|r Kerl/e|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/hovorove|hrabať sa|buddeln|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/hovorove|vec|e Chose/n|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/hovorove|fľaška|e Buddel/n|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/hovorove|basa|r Knast/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/hovorove|hovno|e Scheisse|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/hovorove|jedno/fuk (byť)|egal|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/hovorove|zohyzdiť|verschandeln|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/hovorove|táraniny|s Geschwätz|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/hovorove|uliať sa|blaumachen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/hovorove|brloh|e Spelunke/n|False|False
espanol|economy/tovar|šperk|joya|False|False
espanol|economy/tovar|klenot|alhaja|False|False
espanol|economy/tovar|chladnička|nevera|False|False
espanol|economy/tovar|práčka|lavadora|False|False
espanol|economy/tovar|rúra|horno|False|False
espanol|economy/tovar|vysávač|aspirador(a)|False|False
espanol|economy/tovar|lampa|lámpara|False|False
espanol|economy/tovar|počítač|ordenador|False|False
espanol|economy/tovar|klávesnica|teclado|False|False
espanol|economy/tovar|nožnice|tijeras|False|False
espanol|economy/tovar|pero|pluma|False|False
espanol|economy/tovar|ceruza|lápiz|False|False
espanol|economy/tovar|papier|papel|False|False
espanol|economy/tovar|zošit|cuaderno|False|False
espanol|economy/tovar|kniha|libro|False|False
espanol|economy/tovar|krhla|regadera|False|False
espanol|economy/tovar|rebrík|escalera|False|False
espanol|economy/tovar|bič|azote|False|False
espanol|economy/tovar|reťaz|cadena|False|False
espanol|economy/tovar|povraz|cuerda|False|False
espanol|economy/tovar|lano|soga|False|False
espanol|economy/tovar|sviečka|vela|False|False
espanol|economy/tovar|zápalka|cerilla|False|False
espanol|economy/tovar|krieda|tiza|False|False
espanol|economy/tovar|obal|envase|False|False
espanol|economy/tovar|taška|bolsa|False|False
espanol|economy/tovar|batoh|mochila|False|False
espanol|economy/tovar|vrece|saco|False|False
espanol|economy/tovar|sud|barril|False|False
espanol|economy/tovar|škatuľa|caja|False|False
espanol|economy/tovar|puzdro|estuche|False|False
russkiy|life/activity|vznikať|возника́ть|False|False
russkiy|life/activity|vrátiť|верну́ть|False|False
russkiy|life/activity|existovať|существова́ть|False|False
russkiy|life/activity|hľadať|искать|False|False
russkiy|life/activity|vyhľadať|поискать|False|False
russkiy|life/activity|stratiť|потерять|False|False
russkiy|life/activity|strácať|терять|False|False
russkiy|life/activity|miznúť|пропада́ть|False|False
russkiy|life/activity|očakávať|ожида́ть|False|False
russkiy|life/activity|netrafiť|промахну́ться|False|False
russkiy|life/activity|zabiť|уби́ть|False|False
russkiy|life/activity|pasca|капка́н|False|False
deutsch|abstract/chance|pravdepodobný|wahrscheinlich|True|False
deutsch|abstract/chance|možný|möglich|True|False
deutsch|abstract/chance|možno|möglicherweise|False|True
deutsch|abstract/chance|možnosť|e Möglichkeit/en|False|True
deutsch|abstract/chance|istý|sicher|True|False
deutsch|abstract/chance|vzácny|selten|True|False
deutsch|abstract/chance|zriedkavý|rar|False|False
deutsch|abstract/chance|bežný|üblich|False|False
deutsch|abstract/chance|zvyknúť|gewöhnen (an)|True|False
deutsch|abstract/chance|zvyčajný|gewohnt|False|True
deutsch|abstract/chance|výnimočný|aussergewöhnlich|False|True
deutsch|abstract/chance|odvyknúť|entwöhnen|False|False
deutsch|abstract/chance|zvláštny|eigentümlich|False|False
deutsch|abstract/chance|neočakávaný|unverhofft|False|False
deutsch|abstract/chance|náhoda|r Zufall/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|abstract/chance|náhodný|zufällig|False|True
deutsch|abstract/chance|nehoda|r Unfall/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|abstract/chance|pohroma|s Unheil|False|False
deutsch|abstract/chance|pravdepodobnosť|e Wahrscheinlichkeit/en|False|False
deutsch|abstract/chance|náhodnosť|e Zufälligkeit|False|False
deutsch|abstract/chance|prípad|r Fall/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|abstract/chance|výnimka|e Ausnahme/n|False|False
deutsch|abstract/chance|šťastie|s Glück|True|False
deutsch|abstract/chance|šťastný|glücklich|False|True
deutsch|abstract/chance|smola|s Pech|True|False
deutsch|abstract/chance|šanca|e Chance/n|True|False
deutsch|abstract/chance|riziko|s Risiko/s|True|False
deutsch|abstract/chance|riskantný|riskant|False|True
deutsch|abstract/chance|možno|vielleicht|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|naložiť|laden/lädt/lud/geladen|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|vyložiť|ausladen/lädt/lud/ausgeladen|False|True
deutsch|economy/transport|poslať|senden/sandte/gesandt|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|odoslať|absenden/sandte/abgesandt|False|True
deutsch|economy/transport|vyslať|aussenden/sandte/ausgesandt|False|True
deutsch|economy/transport|zásielka|e Sendung/en|False|True
deutsch|economy/transport|poslať|schicken|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|dodávať|liefern|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|dodávka|e Lieferung/en|False|True
deutsch|economy/transport|prevziať|übernehmen/übernimmt/übernahm/übernommen|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|odovzdať|übergeben/übergibt/übergab/übergeben|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|prepraviť|befördern|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|dovliecť|bugsieren|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|navigovať|lotsen|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|pristáť|landen|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|kotva|r Anker|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|kotviť|ankern|False|True
deutsch|economy/transport|náklad|e Fracht/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|preprava|e Beförderung|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|jazdiť|fahren/fährt/fuhr/gefahren|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|jazda|e Fahrt/en|False|True
deutsch|economy/transport|vodič|r Fahrer|False|True
deutsch|economy/transport|vyjsť|ausfahren/fährt/fuhr/ausgefahren|False|True
deutsch|economy/transport|odísť|abfahren/fährt/fuhr/abgefahren|False|True
deutsch|economy/transport|prísť|einfahren/fährt/fuhr/eingefahren|False|True
deutsch|economy/transport|vyraziť|losfahren/fährt/fuhr/losgefahren|False|True
deutsch|economy/transport|jazdiť na koni|reiten/ritt/geritten|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|klus|r Trab|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|klusať|traben|False|True
deutsch|economy/transport|cval|r Galopp|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|cválať|galoppieren|False|True
deutsch|economy/transport|premávka|r Verkehr|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|dopravný prostriedok|s Verkehrsmittel|False|True
deutsch|economy/transport|doprava|r Transport/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|chodec|r Fussgänger|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|koleso|s Rad/ä-er|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|oje|e Deichsel/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|chodúľ|e Stelze/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|sedadlo|r Sitz/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|brzda|e Bremse/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|klaksón|e Hupe/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|ráf|e Felge/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|prehadzovačka|e Gangschaltung/en|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|pedál|s Pedal/e|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|prevodovka|s Getriebe|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|spojka|e Kupplung/en|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|motor|r Motor/en|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|turbína|e Turbine/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|kapota|e Haube/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|vrtuľa|r Propeller|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|železnica|e Eisenbahn/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|vlak|r Zug/ü-e|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|koľajnica|e Schiene/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|nástupište|r Bahnsteig/e|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|koľaj|s Gleis/e|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|vagón|r Waggon/e|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|lokomotíva|e Lok/s + e Lokomotive/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|železničná stanica|r Bahnhof/ö-e|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|električka|e Strassenbahn/en|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|trolejbus|r Oberleitungsomnibus/se + r Obus/se|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|semafor|e Ampel/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|vozidlo|r Wagen|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|nákladný automobil|r Lastkraftwagen (Lkw)|False|True
deutsch|economy/transport|osobný automobil|r Personenkraftwagen (Pkw)|False|True
deutsch|economy/transport|dodávka|r Lieferwagen|False|True
deutsch|economy/transport|auto|s Auto/s|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|autobus|r Bus/se|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|pneumatika|r Reifen|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|volant|s Steuer|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|nárazník|e Stossstange/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|puklica|e Radkappe/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|motocykel|s Motorrad/ä-er|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|bicykel|s Fahrrad/ä-er|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|kolobežka|r Roller|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|sane|r Schlitten + r Rodel|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|príves|r Anhänger|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|flotila|e Flotte/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|čln|s Boot/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|ponorka|s Unterseeboot/e + s U-Boot/e|False|True
deutsch|economy/transport|jachta|e Jacht/en + e Yacht/en|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|loď|s Schiff/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|vzducholoď|s Luftschiff/e|False|True
deutsch|economy/transport|loďka|r Kahn/ä-e|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|veslo|s Ruder|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|kormidlo|s Steuer|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|paluba|r Bord|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|kajuta|e Kajüte/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|predok lode (prova)|r Bug/e|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|zadok lode (korma)|s Heck/e|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|parník|r Dampfer|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|plachta|s Segel|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|plachetnica|s Segelboot/e + s Segelschiff/e|False|True
deutsch|economy/transport|sťažeň|r Mast/e|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|rahno|e Rah/en|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|sťažne + rahná + plachty|e Takelage|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|let|r Flug/ü-e|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|lietadlo|s Flugzeug/e|False|True
deutsch|economy/transport|letisko|r Flughafen/ä|False|True
deutsch|economy/transport|vrtuľník|r Hubschrauber|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|helikoptéra|r Helikopter|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|letka|s Geschwader|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|prístav|r Hafen/ä|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|most|e Brücke/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|lodenica|e Werft/en|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|lávka|r Steg/e|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|mólo|r Kai/s|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|maják|r Leuchtturm/ü-e|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|parkovisko|r Parkplatz/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|kapitán|r Kapitän/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/transport|námorník|r Seemann/-leute + r Matrose/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|kormidelník|r Lotse/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/transport|vzdúvať sa (plachty)|bauschen|False|False
espanol|psychology/creativity|predstavivosť|imaginación|False|False
espanol|psychology/creativity|fantázia|fantasía|False|False
espanol|psychology/creativity|rozprávka|cuento de hadas|False|False
espanol|psychology/creativity|mýtus|mito|False|False
espanol|psychology/creativity|výmysel|ficción|False|False
espanol|psychology/creativity|tvorba|creación|False|False
espanol|psychology/creativity|tvoriť|crear|False|False
espanol|psychology/creativity|víla|hada|False|False
espanol|psychology/creativity|obor|gigante|False|False
espanol|psychology/creativity|trpaslík|enano|False|False
espanol|psychology/creativity|drak|dragón|False|False
espanol|psychology/creativity|jednorožec|unicornio|False|False
espanol|psychology/creativity|upír|vampiro|False|False
espanol|psychology/creativity|snehuliak|muñeco de nieve|False|False
espanol|psychology/creativity|hydra|hidra|False|False
espanol|psychology/creativity|kentaurus|centauro|False|False
espanol|psychology/creativity|chiméra|quimera|False|False
espanol|psychology/creativity|hra|juego|False|False
espanol|psychology/creativity|hrať sa|jugar|False|False
espanol|psychology/creativity|hravý|juguetón|False|False
espanol|psychology/creativity|bábika|muñeca|False|False
espanol|psychology/creativity|hračka|juguete|False|False
espanol|psychology/creativity|hračkárstvo|juguetería|False|False
espanol|psychology/creativity|bábka (na niti)|marioneta|False|False
espanol|psychology/creativity|bábka (na ruke)|fantoche + títere|False|False
espanol|psychology/creativity|karta|naipe|False|False
espanol|psychology/creativity|šach|ajedrez|False|False
espanol|psychology/creativity|pešiak|peón|False|False
espanol|psychology/creativity|strelec|alfil|False|False
espanol|psychology/creativity|kôň|caballo|False|False
espanol|psychology/creativity|veža|torre|False|False
espanol|psychology/creativity|stávka|apuesta|False|False
espanol|psychology/creativity|klaun|payaso|False|False
espanol|psychology/creativity|zábava|diversión|False|False
espanol|psychology/creativity|vtip|chiste|False|False
espanol|psychology/creativity|žart|broma|False|False
deutsch|nature/weather|počasie|s Wetter|True|False
deutsch|nature/weather|nečas|s Unwetter|False|True
deutsch|nature/weather|atmosféra|e Atmosphäre/n|False|False
deutsch|nature/weather|obloha|r Himmel|True|False
deutsch|nature/weather|voda|s Wasser/ä|True|False
deutsch|nature/weather|vody|s Gewässer|False|True
deutsch|nature/weather|ľad|s Eis|True|False
deutsch|nature/weather|vlna|e Welle/n + e Woge/n|True|False
deutsch|nature/weather|prúd|r Strom/ö-e|False|False
deutsch|nature/weather|kvapka|r Tropfen|True|False
deutsch|nature/weather|cencúľ|r Eiszapfen|False|False
deutsch|nature/weather|pena (na vode)|r Gischt/e|False|False
deutsch|nature/weather|opar|r Dunst/ü-e|False|False
deutsch|nature/weather|para|r Dampf/ä-e|False|False
deutsch|nature/weather|vločka|e Flocke/n|False|False
deutsch|nature/weather|kúdol|r Schwaden|False|False
deutsch|nature/weather|vyschnúť|verdorren|False|False
deutsch|nature/weather|vzduch|e Luft|True|False
deutsch|nature/weather|vánok|s Lüftchen|False|True
deutsch|nature/weather|vietor|r Wind|True|False
deutsch|nature/weather|víchrica|r Sturm|True|False
deutsch|nature/weather|viať|wehen|True|False
deutsch|nature/weather|fúkať|blasen/bläst/blies/geblasen|True|False
deutsch|nature/weather|odfúknuť|wegblasen/bläst/blies/weggeblasen|False|True
deutsch|nature/weather|nafúknuť|aufblasen/bläst/blies/aufgeblasen|False|True
deutsch|nature/weather|sfúknuť|ausblasen/bläst/blies/ausgeblasen|False|True
deutsch|nature/weather|ovievať|fächeln|False|False
deutsch|nature/weather|náraz vetra|e Bö/en|False|False
deutsch|nature/weather|vír|r Strudel|False|False
deutsch|nature/weather|búrka|s Gewitter|True|False
deutsch|nature/weather|blesk|r Blitz|True|False
deutsch|nature/weather|blýskať sa|blitzen|False|True
deutsch|nature/weather|hrom|r Donner|True|False
deutsch|nature/weather|hrmieť|donnern|False|True
deutsch|nature/weather|oblak|e Wolke|True|False
deutsch|nature/weather|oblačnosť|e Bewölkung|False|True
deutsch|nature/weather|hmla|r Nebel|True|False
deutsch|nature/weather|zrážky|r Niederschlag|False|False
deutsch|nature/weather|dážď|r Regen|True|False
deutsch|nature/weather|pršať|regnen|False|True
deutsch|nature/weather|dúha|r Regenbogen|False|True
deutsch|nature/weather|mrholenie|r Nieselregen + r Sprühregen|False|True
deutsch|nature/weather|lejak|r Platzregen + r Starkregen|False|True
deutsch|nature/weather|sneh|r Schnee|True|False
deutsch|nature/weather|snežiť|schneien|False|True
deutsch|nature/weather|krúpy|r Hagel|False|False
deutsch|nature/weather|mrholiť|nieseln|False|False
deutsch|nature/weather|kaluž|e Pfütze + e Lache|True|False
deutsch|nature/weather|povodeň|s Hochwasser|True|False
deutsch|nature/weather|záplava|e Überschwemmung|False|False
deutsch|nature/weather|dusno|e Schwüle|False|False
deutsch|nature/weather|rosa|r Tau|False|False
deutsch|nature/weather|inovať|r Reif + r Raureif|False|False
deutsch|nature/weather|námraza|s Raueis + r Raufrost|False|False
deutsch|nature/weather|príliv a odliv|Gezeiten|False|False
deutsch|nature/weather|prameniť|entspringen/entsprang/entsprungen|False|False
deutsch|nature/weather|tiecť|fliessen/floss/geflossen|True|False
deutsch|nature/weather|tečúci|fliessend|False|True
deutsch|nature/weather|odtekať|abfliessen/floss/abgeflossen|False|True
deutsch|nature/weather|vtekať|einfliessen/floss/eingeflossen|False|True
deutsch|nature/weather|vytekať|ausfliessen/floss/ausgeflossen|False|True
deutsch|nature/weather|pretiecť|überfliessen/floss/übergeflossen|False|True
deutsch|nature/weather|roztiecť|zerfliessen/zerfloss/zerflossen|False|True
deutsch|nature/weather|liať|giessen/goss/gegossen|True|False
deutsch|nature/weather|odliať|abgiessen/goss/abgegossen|False|True
deutsch|nature/weather|naliať|eingiessen/goss/eingegossen|False|True
deutsch|nature/weather|vyliať|ausgiessen/goss/ausgegossen|False|True
deutsch|nature/weather|doliať|nachgiessen/goss/nachgegossen|False|True
espanol|abstract/shape|strmý|acantilado|False|False
espanol|abstract/shape|rovný|llano|False|False
espanol|abstract/shape|plochý|plano|False|False
espanol|abstract/shape|priamy|directo|False|False
espanol|abstract/shape|krivý|corvo|False|False
espanol|abstract/shape|masívny|macizo|False|False
espanol|abstract/shape|hladký|liso|False|False
espanol|abstract/shape|hrana|arista|False|False
espanol|nature/weather|víchrica|vendaval|False|False
russkiy|life/thinking|informovať|осведомить|False|False
russkiy|life/thinking|vedieť|знать|False|False
russkiy|life/thinking|rozumieť|понимать|False|False
russkiy|life/thinking|porozumieť|поня́ть|False|True
russkiy|life/thinking|mýliť sa|ошиба́ться|False|False
russkiy|life/thinking|myslieť si|полага́ть|False|False
russkiy|life/thinking|myslieť|мы́слить|False|False
russkiy|life/thinking|rozmýšľať|размышля́ть|False|True
russkiy|life/thinking|vysvetliť|объясни́ть|False|False
russkiy|life/thinking|premýšľať|ду́мать|False|False
russkiy|life/thinking|rozmýšľať|обду́мывать|False|True
russkiy|life/thinking|pamäť|па́мять|False|False
russkiy|life/thinking|pamätať|по́мнить|False|False
russkiy|life/thinking|spomínať sa|вспомина́ть|False|False
russkiy|life/thinking|spomienka|воспомина́ние|False|True
russkiy|life/thinking|všimnúť si|заме́тить|False|False
russkiy|life/thinking|rozum|ум|False|False
russkiy|life/thinking|rozum|ра́зум|False|False
russkiy|life/thinking|blbosť|ерунда́|False|False
russkiy|life/thinking|nezmyselný|бестолко́вый|False|False
russkiy|life/thinking|hádanka|зага́дка|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/common|aj keď|wenn auch|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/common|obzvlášť|besonders|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/common|bez toho aby|ohne .. zu|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/common|pozdĺž|entlang + längs|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/common|okolo|um + herum|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/common|mimo|abseits|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/common|neďaleko|unweit|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/common|naproti|entgegen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/common|za koľko (cena)|für|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/common|namiesto|statt + anstatt|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/common|vďaka|dank|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/common|s pomocou|mittels|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/common|nehľadiac na|ungeachtet|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/common|vzhľadom na|hinsichtlich|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/common|za (nápad)|für|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/common|proti (nápadu)|wider|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/common|v momente|im Nu|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/common|okamžite|sofort + sogleich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/common|všelijaký|allerlei|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/common|údajný|angeblich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/common|výborne|vortrefflich|True|False
espanol|abstract/sily|ťažký|pesado|False|False
espanol|abstract/sily|ľahký|ligero|False|False
espanol|abstract/sily|hmotnosť|peso|False|False
espanol|abstract/sily|sila|fuerza|False|False
espanol|abstract/sily|silný|fuerte|False|False
espanol|abstract/sily|slabý|débil|False|False
espanol|abstract/sily|rýchlosť|velocidad + celeridad|False|False
espanol|abstract/sily|zrýchliť|acelerar|False|False
espanol|abstract/sily|spomaliť|retardar|False|False
espanol|abstract/sily|rýchly|rápido|False|False
espanol|abstract/sily|pomalý|lento|False|False
espanol|abstract/sily|teplota|temperatura|False|False
espanol|abstract/sily|teplo|calor|False|False
espanol|abstract/sily|teplý|caliente|False|False
espanol|abstract/sily|studený|frío|False|False
espanol|abstract/sily|ohriať|calentar|False|False
espanol|abstract/sily|ochladiť|enfriar|False|False
espanol|abstract/sily|tlak|presión|False|False
espanol|abstract/sily|magnet|imán|False|False
espanol|abstract/sily|elektrina|electricidad|False|False
espanol|abstract/sily|energia|energía|False|False
espanol|abstract/sily|priestor|espacio|False|False
espanol|abstract/sily|vzdialenosť|distancia|False|False
espanol|abstract/sily|čas|tiempo|False|False
espanol|abstract/sily|príťažlivosť|atracción|False|False
espanol|abstract/sily|priťahovať|atraer|False|False
espanol|abstract/sily|odpudzovať|repeler (a)|False|False
espanol|abstract/sily|svetlo|luz|False|False
espanol|abstract/sily|svietiť|lucir|False|False
espanol|abstract/sily|lesknúť sa|relucir|False|False
espanol|abstract/sily|žiariť|brillar|False|False
espanol|abstract/sily|žiara|brillo|False|False
espanol|abstract/sily|zhasnúť|apagar|False|False
espanol|abstract/sily|spálený|agostado|False|False
espanol|abstract/sily|svetlý|claro|False|False
espanol|abstract/sily|tmavý|oscuro|False|False
espanol|abstract/sily|oheň|fuego|False|False
espanol|abstract/sily|horieť|arder|False|False
espanol|abstract/sily|spáliť|quemar|False|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|zabudnúť|vergessen/vergisst/vergass/vergessen|True|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|zabudnutie|e Vergessenheit|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|zábudlivosť|e Vergesslichkeit|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|zábudlivý|vergesslich|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|spomenúť si|erinnern sich + gedenken/gedachte/gedacht|True|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|spomienka|e Erinnerung/en|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|pripomenúť|erinnern|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|zapamätať si|merken sich|False|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|vštepovať|einschärfen|False|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|pamäť|s Gedächtnis/se|True|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|naspamäť|auswendig|False|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|vedieť|wissen/weiss/wusste/gewusst|True|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|vedomosť|s Wissen|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|vedomý|bewusst|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|poznať|kennen/kannte/gekannt|True|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|znalosť|e Kenntnis/se|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|spoznať|erkennen/erkannte/erkannt|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|spoznať|kennenlernen|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|tušiť|ahnen + schwanen|True|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|tušenie|e Ahnung/en|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|múdry|weise + klug|True|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|rozumný|vernünftig|True|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|rozumný|gescheit|False|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|dôvtipný|pfiffig|False|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|hlúpy|albern + dumm|False|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|hlupák|r Dummkopf/ö-e|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|sprostý|blöd + blöde|False|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|sprostosť|r Blödsinn|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|pochabý|töricht|False|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|hlúposť|e Albernheit + e Dummheit + r Stumpfsinn|False|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|myslieť|denken/dachte/gedacht|True|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|myšlienka|r Gedanke/n|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|premýšľať|nachdenken/dachte/nachgedacht (über)|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|premyslieť si|überdenken/überdachte/überdacht|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|premyslieť|ausdenken/dachte/ausgedacht|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|vymyslieť|erdenken/erdachte/erdacht|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|zvážiť|bedenken/bedachte/bedacht|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|dumať|sinnen/sann/gesonnen|False|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|vymyslieť|ersinnen|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|premýšľať|nachsinnen|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|spomenúť si|entsinnen sich (an)|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|rozpamätať si|besinnen sich (auf)|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|dumať|sinnieren (über)|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|zmýšľanie|e Gesinnung/en|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|vedomie|e Besinnung|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|myslieť si|finden/fand/gefunden|False|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|premyslieť si|überlegen|True|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|dumať|grübeln (über)|False|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|napadnúť|einfallen/fällt/fiel/eingefallen|True|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|zvážiť|abwägen|False|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|premýšľať|brüten (über)|False|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|myslieť si|meinen|True|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|názor|e Meinung/en|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|domnievať sa|mutmassen|True|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|domnelý|mutmasslich|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|domnievať sa|vermuten|True|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|domnienka|e Vermutung/en|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|názor|e Ansicht/en|True|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|názor|e Auffassung (von)|False|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|pochopiť|begreifen/begriff/begriffen|True|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|chápať|kapieren|False|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|rozumieť|verstehen/verstand/verstanden|True|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|pochopiť|verstehen (von)|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|pochopenie|s Verständnis|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|zrozumiteľnosť|e Verständlichkeit|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|chápavý|verständnisvoll|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|rozum|r Verstand|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|rozumný|verständig|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|zrozumiteľný|verständlich|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|poznatok|e Einsicht/en|False|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|rozumný|einsichtig|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|pochopiteľný|fassbar|False|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|predstavovať si|einbilden sich|False|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|nápad|e Idee/n + r Einfall/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|plán|r Plan/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|plánovať|planen|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|odhadovať|schätzen|True|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|odhad|e Schätzung/en|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|návrh|r Entwurf/ü-e|True|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|načrtnúť|entwerfen/entwirft/entwarf/entworfen|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|úmysel|e Absicht/en|True|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|zamýšľať|beabsichtigen|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|úmyselný|absichtlich|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|zámer|r Vorsatz/ä-e|False|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|-zámerný|vorsätzlich|False|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|zamýšľať|vorhaben/hat/hatte/vorgehabt + gedenken/gedachte/gedacht|False|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|predpokladať|voraussetzen|False|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|predpoklad|e Voraussetzung/en|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|predvídať|vorhersehen/sieht/sah/vorhergesehen + voraussehen/sieht/sah/vorausgesehen|False|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|predvídateľný|vorhersehbar|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|zvyk|r Brauch/ä-e|False|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|zvyk|e Gepflogenheit/en|False|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|rozpoznať|ausmachen|True|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|ponímať|auffassen|False|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|podvedomý|unterschwellig|False|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|vedomý|bewusst|False|False
deutsch|human/wisdom|vedomie|s Bewusstsein|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|podvedomý|unterbewusst|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|podvedomie|s Unterbewusstsein|False|True
deutsch|human/wisdom|hádanka|s Rätsel|False|False
deutsch|economy/work|práca|e Arbeit/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/work|pracovať|arbeiten|False|True
deutsch|economy/work|opracovať|bearbeiten|False|True
deutsch|economy/work|vypracovať|ausarbeiten|False|True
deutsch|economy/work|zapracovať|einarbeiten|False|True
deutsch|economy/work|zamestnanec|r Arbeitnehmer|False|True
deutsch|economy/work|zamestnávateľ|r Arbeitgeber|False|True
deutsch|economy/work|pracovník|r Arbeiter|False|True
deutsch|economy/work|drieť|schuften|False|False
deutsch|economy/work|drina|e Schufterei|False|True
deutsch|economy/work|vykonať|ausführen|False|False
deutsch|economy/work|vyrobiť|herstellen|False|False
deutsch|economy/work|robiť|machen + tun/tat/getan|True|False
deutsch|economy/work|narábať s|handhaben|False|False
deutsch|economy/work|naverbovať|anheuern|False|False
deutsch|economy/work|slúžiť|dienen|True|False
deutsch|economy/work|podniknúť|unternehmen/unternimmt/unternahm/unternommen|True|False
deutsch|economy/work|spôsobiť|antun|True|False
deutsch|economy/work|prplať sa|tüfteln (an)|False|False
deutsch|economy/work|zatvoriť (obchod)|dichtmachen|False|False
deutsch|economy/work|dielo|s Werk/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/work|remeslo|s Metier/s|False|False
deutsch|economy/work|prístroj|s Gerät/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/work|haraburdie|r Krempel|False|False
deutsch|economy/work|haraburda|r Ramsch|False|False
deutsch|economy/work|odpad|r Müll|True|False
deutsch|economy/work|povolanie|r Beruf/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/work|zamestnaný|berufstätig|False|True
deutsch|economy/work|zamestnanie|e Berufstätigkeit/en|False|True
deutsch|economy/work|spoločnosť|e Gesellschaft/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/work|kariéra|e Karriere/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/work|odvetvie|e Sparte/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/work|zamestnávať|beschäftigen|True|False
deutsch|economy/work|zamestnanie|e Beschäftigung/en|False|True
deutsch|economy/work|zamestnanec|r Beschäftigte/n|False|True
deutsch|economy/work|zamestnať|anstellen|True|False
deutsch|economy/work|zamestnanec|r Angestellte/n|False|True
deutsch|economy/work|kancelária|s Büro/s|True|False
deutsch|economy/work|dovolenka|r Urlaub/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/work|prestávka|e Pause/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/work|povýšiť|befördern|False|False
deutsch|economy/work|povýšenie|e Beförderung/en|False|True
deutsch|economy/work|prepustenie|e Entlassung/en|False|False
deutsch|economy/work|prepustiť|entlassen/entlässt/entliess/entlassen|True|False
deutsch|economy/work|objednávka|r Auftrag/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|economy/work|riešiť|lösen|True|False
deutsch|economy/work|riešenie|e Lösung/en|False|True
deutsch|economy/work|objednať|bestellen|True|False
deutsch|economy/work|objednávka|e Bestellung/en|False|True
deutsch|economy/work|používať|gebrauchen|True|False
deutsch|economy/work|použiť|anwenden/wandte/angewandt|False|False
deutsch|economy/work|nasadiť|einsetzen|True|False
deutsch|economy/work|metóda|s Verfahren|True|False
deutsch|economy/work|projekt|s Projekt/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/work|firma|e Firma/Firmen|True|False
deutsch|economy/work|problém|s Problem/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/work|chyba|r Fehler|True|False
deutsch|economy/work|malér|s Malheur/e|False|False
deutsch|economy/work|šlamastika|e Bredouille/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/work|chybička|r Patzer|False|False
deutsch|economy/work|použitie|e Anwendung/en|False|False
deutsch|economy/work|využitie|e Verwendung/en|False|False
deutsch|economy/work|konať|agieren|True|False
deutsch|economy/work|vykonať|vollbringen/vollbrachte/vollbracht|False|False
deutsch|economy/work|starať sa o|betreuen|False|False
deutsch|economy/work|starosť|e Sorge/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/work|starosť|e Besorgnis/se|False|True
deutsch|economy/work|starostlivosť|e Sorgfalt|False|True
deutsch|economy/work|starať sa|sorgen (für)|False|True
deutsch|economy/work|obstarať|besorgen|False|True
deutsch|economy/work|ustarostený|besorgt|False|True
deutsch|economy/work|starostlivý|fürsorglich|False|True
deutsch|economy/work|starať sa|kümmern sich (um)|True|False
deutsch|economy/work|riadiť|regeln|True|False
deutsch|economy/work|živnosť|s Gewerbe|False|False
deutsch|economy/work|riaditeľ|r Direktor/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/work|majster|r Könner|False|False
deutsch|economy/work|vedúci|r Leiter|True|False
deutsch|economy/work|kontrolovať|kontrollieren|True|False
deutsch|economy/work|využiť|nutzen|True|False
deutsch|economy/work|používať|benutzen|False|True
deutsch|economy/work|užitočný|nützlich|False|True
polski|abstract/shape|tvar|kształt|True|False
polski|abstract/shape|priamy|prosty|True|False
polski|abstract/shape|krivý|krzywy|True|False
polski|abstract/shape|čiara|linia|True|False
polski|abstract/shape|tyč|стержень|True|False
polski|abstract/shape|hák|haczyk|True|False
polski|abstract/shape|koleso|koło|True|False
polski|abstract/shape|plachta|лист|True|False
polski|abstract/shape|doska|доска|True|False
polski|abstract/shape|sieť|сеть|True|False
polski|abstract/shape|kríž|krzyż|True|False
polski|abstract/shape|kruh|koło|True|False
polski|abstract/shape|štvorec|квадрат|True|False
polski|abstract/shape|obdĺžnik|прямоугольник|False|False
polski|abstract/shape|kvapka|kropla|True|False
polski|abstract/shape|guľa|kula|True|False
polski|abstract/shape|roh|e Ecke/n|True|False
polski|abstract/shape|strana|e Seite/n|True|False
polski|abstract/shape|špička|e Spitze/n|True|False
polski|abstract/shape|hrana|e Kante/n|False|False
polski|abstract/shape|okraj|r Saum/ä-e|False|False
polski|abstract/shape|diera|s Loch/ö-er|True|False
polski|abstract/shape|šikmý|schräg + schief|False|False
polski|abstract/shape|strmý|steil + schroff|False|False
polski|abstract/shape|lichobežník|s Trapez/e|False|False
polski|abstract/shape|kosoštvorec|r Rhombus/Rhomben|False|False
polski|abstract/shape|kocka|r Würfel|True|False
polski|abstract/shape|kužeľ|r Kegel|True|False
polski|abstract/shape|kváder|r Quader|False|False
polski|abstract/shape|ihlan|e Pyramide/n|False|False
polski|abstract/shape|valec|r Zylinder|False|False
polski|abstract/shape|okrúhly|rund|True|False
polski|abstract/shape|hranatý|eckig|True|False
russkiy|abstract/choice|zakázať|запрети́ть|False|False
russkiy|abstract/choice|dovoliť|позво́лить|False|False
russkiy|abstract/choice|vybrať|вы́брать|False|False
deutsch|nature/space|svet|e Welt/en|True|False
deutsch|nature/space|vesmír|r Weltraum + s Weltall + s Universum/Universen|True|False
deutsch|nature/space|galaxia|e Galaxie/n|True|False
deutsch|nature/space|hmlovina|r Nebelfleck + r Nebel|False|False
deutsch|nature/space|nebeské teleso|s Gestirn/e|False|False
deutsch|nature/space|hviezda|r Stern/e|True|False
deutsch|nature/space|súhvezdie|s Sternbild/er|False|True
deutsch|nature/space|slnko|e Sonne/n|True|False
deutsch|nature/space|zatmenie|e Finsternis/se|False|False
deutsch|nature/space|planéta|r Planet/en|True|False
deutsch|nature/space|mesiac|r Mond/e|True|False
deutsch|nature/space|kométa|r Komet/en|True|False
deutsch|nature/space|meteor|e Sternschnuppe/n + r Meteor/e|True|False
russkiy|life/body|pľúca|лёгкие|False|False
russkiy|life/body|oblička|по́чка|False|False
russkiy|life/body|srdce|се́рдце|False|False
russkiy|life/body|pečeň|пе́чень|False|False
russkiy|life/body|mozog|мозг|False|False
russkiy|life/body|žalúdok|желу́док|False|False
russkiy|life/body|sval|мы́шца|False|False
russkiy|life/body|koža|ко́жа|False|False
russkiy|life/body|kosť|кость|False|False
russkiy|life/body|kĺb|суста́в|False|False
russkiy|life/body|lebka|че́реп|False|False
russkiy|life/body|panva|таз|False|False
russkiy|life/body|stavec|позвоно́к|False|False
russkiy|life/body|chrbtica|позвоно́чник|False|False
russkiy|life/body|rebro|ребро́|False|False
russkiy|life/body|krk|ше́я|False|False
russkiy|life/body|hrdlo|го́рло|False|False
russkiy|life/body|brucho|живо́т|False|False
russkiy|life/body|chrbát|спина́|False|False
russkiy|life/body|hruď/prsia|грудь|False|False
russkiy|life/body|hlava|голова́|False|False
russkiy|life/body|prst|па́лец|False|False
russkiy|life/body|palec|большо́й па́лец|False|False
russkiy|life/body|noha|нога́|False|False
russkiy|life/body|ruka|рука́|False|False
russkiy|life/body|koleno|коле́но|False|False
russkiy|life/body|členok|лоды́жка|False|False
russkiy|life/body|lakeť|ло́коть|False|False
russkiy|life/body|necht|но́готь|False|False
russkiy|life/body|tvár|лицо́|False|False
russkiy|life/body|oko|глаз|False|False
russkiy|life/body|líce|щека́|False|False
russkiy|life/body|ústa|рот|False|False
russkiy|life/body|pera|губа́|False|False
russkiy|life/body|obočie|бровь|False|False
russkiy|life/body|mihalnica|ресни́ца|False|False
russkiy|life/body|nos|нос|False|False
russkiy|life/body|ucho|у́хо|False|False
russkiy|life/body|jazyk|язы́к|False|False
russkiy|life/body|zub|зуб|False|False
russkiy|life/body|vlas|во́лос|False|False
russkiy|life/body|krv|кровь|False|False
russkiy|life/body|moč|моча́|False|False
russkiy|life/body|bradavka|сосо́к|False|False
russkiy|life/body|peha|весну́шка|False|False
russkiy|life/body|ohryzok|кады́к|False|False
russkiy|life/body|fúzy|усы́|False|False
russkiy|life/body|brada|борода́|False|False
russkiy|life/body|plutva|ласт|False|False
russkiy|life/body|zhrbený|суту́лый|False|False
russkiy|abstract/value|všeobecný|о́бщий|False|False
russkiy|abstract/value|základný|основно́й|False|False
russkiy|abstract/value|dôležitý|ва́жный|False|False
russkiy|abstract/value|značný|значи́тельный|False|False
russkiy|abstract/value|cenný|це́нный|False|False
russkiy|abstract/value|vzácny|ре́дкий|False|False
russkiy|abstract/value|zbytočný|ли́шний|False|False
russkiy|abstract/value|užitočný|поле́зный|False|False
russkiy|abstract/value|dokonalý|соверше́нный|False|False
russkiy|abstract/value|náhodný|случа́йный|False|False
russkiy|abstract/value|dobrý|хоро́ший|False|False
russkiy|abstract/value|najlepší|лу́чший|False|False
russkiy|abstract/value|zlý|плохо́й|False|False
russkiy|abstract/value|najhorší|ху́дший|False|False
russkiy|abstract/value|chyba|оши́бка|False|False
russkiy|abstract/value|chybný|оши́бочный|False|True
russkiy|abstract/value|blbosť|ерунда́|False|False
russkiy|abstract/value|svinstvo|га́дость|False|False
russkiy|abstract/value|potrebovať|нуждаться|False|False
russkiy|abstract/value|nútiť|вынуждать|False|False
russkiy|abstract/value|obťažovať|утруждать|False|False
russkiy|abstract/value|zapáčiť sa|понравиться|False|False
russkiy|abstract/value|iný|ино́й|False|False
russkiy|abstract/value|rovnaký|одина́ковый|False|False
russkiy|abstract/value|podobný|похо́жий|False|False
russkiy|abstract/value|vlastný|со́бственный|False|False
espanol|psychology/relationships|dedo|abuelo|False|False
espanol|psychology/relationships|vnuk|nieto|False|False
espanol|psychology/relationships|strýko|tío|False|False
espanol|psychology/relationships|syn|hijo|False|False
espanol|psychology/relationships|dieťa|niño|False|False
espanol|psychology/relationships|brat|hermano|False|False
espanol|psychology/relationships|nevlastný brat|hermanastro|False|False
espanol|psychology/relationships|žena|mujer|False|False
espanol|psychology/relationships|muž|varón|False|False
espanol|psychology/relationships|človek|hombre|False|False
espanol|psychology/relationships|otec|padre|False|False
espanol|psychology/relationships|matka|madre|False|False
espanol|psychology/relationships|nevlastná matka|madrastra|False|False
espanol|psychology/relationships|rozvod|divorcio|False|False
espanol|psychology/relationships|rodina|familia|False|False
espanol|psychology/relationships|priateľ|amigo|False|False
espanol|psychology/relationships|vzťah|relación|False|False
espanol|psychology/relationships|spoločnosť|sociedad|False|False
espanol|psychology/relationships|láska|amor|False|False
espanol|psychology/relationships|priateľstvo|amistad|False|False
espanol|psychology/relationships|nenávisť|odio|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|zelenina|s Gemüse|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|zemiak|e Kartoffel + r Erdapfel|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|batata|e Süsskartoffel + e Batate|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|paradajka|e Tomate|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|baklažán|e Aubergine + e Eierfrucht|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|paprika|r Paprika|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|uhorka|e Gurke|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|tekvica|r Kürbis|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|dyňa|e Wassermelone|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|šalát|r Kopfsalat + r Lattich|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|artičok|e Artischocke|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|špenát|r Spinat|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|repa|e Rübe|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|cukrová repa|e Zuckerrübe|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|kapusta|r Kopfkohl + r Kohl|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|kel|r Grünkohl|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|kaleráb|r Kohlrabi|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|brokolica|r Brokkoli|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|karfiol|r Blumenkohl + r Karfiol|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|ružičkový kel|r Rosenkohl|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|cibuľa|e Zwiebel/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|cesnak|r Knoblauch|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|pór|r Lauch + r Porree|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|pažitka|r Schnittlauch|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|medvedí cesnak|r Bärlauch|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|strukovina|e Hülsenfrucht|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|hrach|e Erbse/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|fazuľa|e Bohne/n + e Fisole|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|šošovica|e Linse/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|cícer|e Kichererbse/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|sója|e Sojabohne/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|ryža|r Reis/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|kukurica|r Mais/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|pšenica|r Weizen|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|raž|r Roggen|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|ovos|r Hafer|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|jačmeň|e Gerste/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|proso|e Hirse/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|mrkva|e Karrote/n + e Möhre/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|petržlen|e Petersilie/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|zeler|e Sellerie/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|reďkovka|s Radieschen + r Rettich/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/vegetable|chren|r Meerrettich/e|False|False
espanol|other|prostredie|entorno|False|False
espanol|other|darebák|pillo + truhan|False|False
espanol|other|prašivý|sarnoso|False|False
espanol|other|trik|truco|False|False
espanol|other|otrok|esclavo|False|False
espanol|other|mreža|reja|False|False
espanol|other|hromada|montón|False|False
espanol|other|kôš|cesto + canasto|False|False
espanol|other|opraty|riendas|False|False
espanol|other|uzda|brida|False|False
espanol|other|strmeň|estribo|False|False
espanol|other|sarkazmus|sorna|False|False
espanol|other|viniť|achacar|False|False
espanol|other|prekážať|entorpecer|False|False
espanol|other|náhoda|azar|False|False
espanol|other|pustošiť|estragar|False|False
espanol|other|sťažnosť|queja|False|False
espanol|other|vreteno|huso|False|False
espanol|other|núdza|apuro|False|False
espanol|other|dosah|alcance|False|False
espanol|other|sklad|almacén|False|False
espanol|other|ukážka|muestra|False|False
espanol|other|objaviť sa / vzniknúť|surgir|False|False
espanol|other|uvoľniť|despejar|False|False
espanol|other|necelý|escaso|False|False
espanol|other|objaviť|hallar|False|False
espanol|other|vznášať sa|flotar|False|False
espanol|other|nadobudnúť|adquirir|False|False
espanol|other|poslať|enviar|False|False
espanol|other|čeliť / vzdorovať|enfrentar|False|False
espanol|other|uzavrieť|encerrar|False|False
espanol|other|stopa|señal|False|False
espanol|other|mašľa|lazo|False|False
espanol|other|ľútosť|pesar|False|False
espanol|other|uniesť|secuestrar|False|False
espanol|other|ľahký|leve|False|False
espanol|other|zabaviť|entretener|False|False
espanol|other|plienka|pañal|False|False
espanol|other|zväzok|tomo|False|False
espanol|other|hrniec|puchero|False|False
espanol|other|pochybnosť|duda|False|False
espanol|other|chuť|sabor|False|False
espanol|other|úspešný|logrado|False|False
espanol|other|pleseň|moho|False|False
espanol|other|plyš|peluche|False|False
espanol|other|handra|trapo|False|False
espanol|other|vystrašený|asustado|False|False
espanol|other|túžba|gana|False|False
espanol|other|záľuba|afición|False|False
espanol|other|hodiť|lanzar|False|False
espanol|other|ľutovať|arrepentirse|False|False
espanol|other|vyrovnať|alisar|False|False
espanol|other|rozpačitý|perplejo|False|False
espanol|other|úľava|alivio|False|False
espanol|other|iskra|chispa|False|False
espanol|other|lístok|tarjeta|False|False
espanol|other|schopný|capaz|False|False
espanol|other|natiahnutý|estirado|False|False
espanol|other|zašpiniť|embadurnar|False|False
espanol|other|kvapkať|chorrear|False|False
espanol|other|využiť|aprovechar|False|False
espanol|other|polica|estantería|False|False
espanol|other|oprieť|apoyar|False|False
espanol|other|kus|pedazo|False|False
espanol|other|kufrík|maletín|False|False
espanol|other|ledva / sotva|apenas|False|False
espanol|other|súhlasiť|asentir|False|False
espanol|other|ukázať|mostrar|False|False
espanol|other|dychčať|resoplar|False|False
espanol|other|roh|esquina|False|False
espanol|other|zhoršiť|empeorar|False|False
espanol|other|vzácny|contado|False|False
espanol|other|tucet|docena|False|False
espanol|other|šplhať sa|trepar|False|False
espanol|other|hľadanie|búsqueda|False|False
espanol|other|mimoriadny|descomunal|False|False
espanol|other|hrudný|pectoral|False|False
espanol|other|namočiť|empapar|False|False
espanol|other|lieskový orech|avellana|False|False
espanol|other|jednoduchý|sencillo|False|False
espanol|other|informovať|enterar|False|False
espanol|other|vážiť si|respetar|False|False
espanol|other|byť možný|caber|False|False
espanol|other|pomaly|despacio|False|False
espanol|other|vtrhnúť|irrumpir|False|False
espanol|other|hlučný|ruidoso|False|False
espanol|other|objať|abrazar|False|False
espanol|other|plachta|sábana|False|False
espanol|other|pokročilý|avanzado|False|False
espanol|other|záclona|cortina|False|False
espanol|other|zavesiť|colgar|False|False
espanol|other|kučeraviť|encrespar|False|False
espanol|other|krehký|quebradizo|False|False
espanol|other|popraskať|resquebrajar|False|False
espanol|other|ohnúť|arquear|False|False
espanol|other|ochabnúť|desmayar|False|False
espanol|other|vyziabnutý|escuálido|False|False
espanol|other|zobudiť|despertar|False|False
espanol|other|zvyknúť|soler|False|False
espanol|other|jasný|sereno|False|False
espanol|other|zajakať sa|tartamudear|False|False
espanol|other|závoj|velo|False|False
espanol|other|nepokoj|ansiedad|False|False
espanol|other|náležitý|debido|False|False
espanol|other|použiť|emplear|False|False
espanol|other|nevoľnosť|mareo|False|False
espanol|other|prestať|cesar|False|False
espanol|other|chytiť / držať|agarrar|False|False
espanol|other|potopiť|hundir|False|False
espanol|other|nečakaný|repentino|False|False
espanol|other|oslepiť|cegar|False|False
espanol|other|matrac|colchón|False|False
espanol|other|zatriasť|estremecer|False|False
espanol|other|nariekať|gemir|False|False
espanol|other|stopa|vestigio|False|False
espanol|other|nakloniť|desplomar|False|False
espanol|other|iskriť|centellear|False|False
espanol|other|ležiaci|tumbado|False|False
espanol|other|otravovať|molestar|False|False
espanol|other|hrubý / silný|gordo|False|False
espanol|other|vliecť|arrastrar|False|False
espanol|other|skrútiť|torcer|False|False
espanol|other|poslušný|dócil|False|False
espanol|other|prekrútiť (myšlienku)|tergiversar|False|False
espanol|other|nymfa|ninfa|False|False
espanol|other|klzký|escurridizo|False|False
espanol|other|cudzí|ajeno|False|False
espanol|other|nohsled|secuaz|False|False
espanol|other|udeliť|otorgar|False|False
espanol|other|piliny|serrín|False|False
espanol|other|sutiny|escombro|False|False
espanol|other|samotársky|huraño|False|False
espanol|other|mylný|equivocado|False|False
espanol|other|prameň|manantial|False|False
espanol|other|výkop|zanja|False|False
espanol|other|vápenec|caliza|False|False
espanol|other|kompas|brújula|False|False
espanol|other|kobka|calabozo|False|False
espanol|other|trpieť|padecer|False|False
espanol|other|ľahký|liviano|False|False
espanol|other|stroskotanie|naufragio|False|False
espanol|other|podozrenie|recelo|False|False
espanol|other|prístrešie|cobijo|False|False
espanol|other|odporný|asqueroso|False|False
espanol|other|pánt|gozne|False|False
espanol|other|prezývať|apodar|False|False
espanol|other|prezývka|apodo|False|False
espanol|other|čarovný|hechicero|False|False
espanol|other|šťastná náhoda|chiripa|False|False
espanol|other|hromadiť|acopiar|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/survival|stan|s Zelt/e|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/survival|táborový oheň|s Lagerfeuer|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/survival|kompas|r Kompass/e|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/survival|horolezec|r Bergsteiger|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/survival|horolezectvo|s Bergsteigen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/survival|uzol|r Knoten|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/survival|putovanie|e Wanderung|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/survival|pútnik|r Wanderer|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/survival|putovať|wandern|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/survival|dobrodružný|abenteuerlich|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/survival|dobrodruh|r Abenteuerer|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/survival|dobrodružstvo|s Abenteuer|False|False
chinese|abstract/action|zmeniť|改变 [gǎibiàn]|False|False
chinese|abstract/action|premeniť|转换 [zhuǎnhuàn]|False|False
chinese|abstract/action|premena|转变 [zhuǎnbiàn]|False|False
chinese|abstract/action|vytvoriť|创造 [chuàngzào]|False|False
chinese|abstract/action|zničiť|破坏 [pòhuài]|False|False
chinese|abstract/action|poškodiť|损害 [sǔnhài]|False|False
chinese|abstract/action|opraviť|修 [xiū]|False|False
deutsch|abstract/size|veľký|gross|True|False
deutsch|abstract/size|veľkosť|e Grösse/n|False|True
deutsch|abstract/size|zväčšit|vergrössern|False|True
deutsch|abstract/size|malý|klein|True|False
deutsch|abstract/size|zmenšiť|verkleinern|False|True
deutsch|abstract/size|široký|breit|True|False
deutsch|abstract/size|šírka|e Breite/n|False|True
deutsch|abstract/size|široký|weit|True|False
deutsch|abstract/size|rozšíriť|erweitern|False|True
deutsch|abstract/size|úzky|eng + schmal|True|False
deutsch|abstract/size|vysoký|hoch|True|False
deutsch|abstract/size|výška|e Höhe/n|False|True
deutsch|abstract/size|zvýšiť|erhöhen|False|True
deutsch|abstract/size|nízky|niedrig|True|False
deutsch|abstract/size|dlhý|lang|True|False
deutsch|abstract/size|dĺžka|e Länge/n|False|True
deutsch|abstract/size|krátky|kurz|True|False
deutsch|abstract/size|hlboký|tief|True|False
deutsch|abstract/size|hĺbka|e Tiefe/n|False|True
deutsch|abstract/size|plytký|seicht|True|False
deutsch|abstract/size|obrovský|riesig|True|False
deutsch|abstract/size|drobný|winzig|True|False
deutsch|abstract/size|mohutný|wuchtig + gewaltig|True|False
deutsch|abstract/size|rozsiahly|umfangreich|True|False
deutsch|abstract/size|nepatrný|geringfügig|False|False
deutsch|abstract/size|hrubý|grob + dick|True|False
deutsch|abstract/size|tenký|dünn|True|False
deutsch|abstract/size|priestor|r Raum|True|False
deutsch|abstract/size|priestranný|geräumig|False|True
deutsch|abstract/size|natiahnuť|dehnen|True|False
deutsch|abstract/size|roztiahnuť|ausdehnen|False|True
deutsch|abstract/size|rozľahlý|ausgedehnt|False|True
deutsch|abstract/size|scvrknúť sa|schrumpfen|True|False
deutsch|abstract/size|rozprestierať sa|erstrecken sich|True|False
deutsch|abstract/size|znížiť|senken|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/abstrakcia/postup|vzor|s Muster + s Vorbild/er|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/abstrakcia/postup|spôsob|e Weise|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/abstrakcia/postup|spôsob|e Art/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/abstrakcia/postup|typ|r Typ/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/abstrakcia/postup|systém|s System/e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/abstrakcia/postup|rad|e Reihe/n|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/abstrakcia/postup|postupovať|verfahren|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/abstrakcia/postup|proces|s Verfahren|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/abstrakcia/postup|zmätok|s Tohuwabohu/s|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/človek/úspech|úspešný|erfolgreich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/človek/úspech|úspech|r Erfolg/e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/človek/úspech|podariť sa|gelingen/gelang/gelungen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/človek/úspech|zlyhať|versagen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/človek/úspech|chyba|r Fehler|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/človek/úspech|zlyhanie|s Versagen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/človek/úspech|mýliť sa|irren sich|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/človek/úspech|omyl|r Irrtum/ü-er|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/človek/úspech|bezchybný|makellos|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|blízky|cercano|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|ďaleký|distante|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|vzdialený|lejano|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|odľahlý|remoto|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|hýbať|mover|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|premiestniť|desplazar|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|položiť|poner|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|zdvihnúť|levantar|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|ťahať|tirar|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|tlačiť|empujar|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|stlačiť|apretar|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|uvoľniť|relajar|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|presunúť|trasladar|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|točiť sa|girar|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|otáčať sa|rodar|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|obrátiť|revolver|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|nakloniť|ladear|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|ohnúť|agachar|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|prevrhnúť|volcar|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|miešať|mezclar|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|triasť|agitar|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|zatriasť|sacudir|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|hojdať|mecer|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|šúchať|frotar|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|trieť|estregar|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|trieť|restregar|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|pulzovať|latir|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|vytiahnuť|sacar|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|vložiť|meter|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|vsunúť|insertar|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|kvapkať|gotear|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|tiecť|fluir|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|vyžmýkať|escurrir|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|vytlačiť|exprimir|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|oddeliť|separar|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|odtrhnúť|apartar|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|odstrániť|quitar|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|zlomiť|romper|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|rozbiť|quebrar|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|roztrhnúť|desgarrar|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|vybuchnúť|estallar|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|zviazať|enlazar|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|rozviazať|- desenlazar|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|zamotať|enredar|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|uzol|nudo|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|prázdny|vacío|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|vyprázdniť|- vaciar|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|plný|lleno|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|naplniť|- llenar|False|False
espanol|abstract/pohyb|naplniť povrch|colmar|False|False
chinese|priroda/terén|prostredie|环境 [huánjìng]|False|False
chinese|priroda/terén|príroda|自然 [zìrán]|False|False
chinese|priroda/terén|les|森林 [sēnlín]|False|False
chinese|priroda/terén|hora|山 [shān]|False|False
chinese|priroda/terén|sopka|火山 [huǒshān]|False|False
chinese|priroda/terén|rieka|河川 [héchuān]|False|False
chinese|priroda/terén|rieka [veľká]|江 [jiāng]|False|False
chinese|priroda/terén|potok|溪 [xī]|False|False
chinese|priroda/terén|prameň|源泉 [yuánquán]|False|False
chinese|priroda/terén|jazero|湖 [hú]|False|False
chinese|priroda/terén|more|海 [hǎi]|False|False
chinese|priroda/terén|zátoka|海湾 [hǎiwān]|False|False
chinese|priroda/terén|pláž|海滩 [hǎitān]|False|False
chinese|priroda/terén|pobrežie|海岸 [hǎiàn]|False|False
chinese|priroda/terén|oceán|洋 [yáng]|False|False
chinese|priroda/terén|údolie|谷 [gǔ]|False|False
chinese|priroda/terén|močiar|沼泽 [zhǎozé]|False|False
chinese|priroda/terén|vodopád|瀑布 [pùbù]|False|False
chinese|priroda/terén|jaskyňa|洞穴 [dòngxué]|False|False
chinese|priroda/terén|púšť|沙漠 [shāmò]|False|False
chinese|priroda/terén|step|草原 [cǎoyuán]|False|False
chinese|priroda/terén|ostrov|岛 [dǎo]|False|False
chinese|priroda/terén|kontinent|洲 [zhōu]|False|False
chinese|priroda/terén|blato|泥 [ní]|False|False
chinese|priroda/terén|piesok|沙 [shā]|False|False
chinese|priroda/terén|kameň|石 [shí]|False|False
chinese|priroda/terén|hlina|土 [tǔ]|False|False
chinese|priroda/terén|drevo|木 [mù]|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/zásoby|zásoba|r Vorrat/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/zásoby|nedostatok|r Mangel/ä|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/zásoby|nedostatočný|mangelhaft|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/zásoby|kopa|r Haufen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/zásoby|hromadiť|häufen|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/zásoby|hromadenie|e Häufung/en|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/zásoby|zostávať(zvyšovať)|verbleiben|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/zásoby|pripraviť|vorbereiten|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/zásoby|uschovať|verwahren|False|False
espanol|nature/terrain|močiar|pantano|False|False
espanol|nature/terrain|močiar|cenagal|False|False
espanol|nature/terrain|močiar|ciénaga|False|False
espanol|nature/terrain|les|bosque|False|False
espanol|nature/terrain|džungľa|selva|False|False
espanol|nature/terrain|lúka|prado|False|False
espanol|nature/terrain|lúka|pradera|False|False
espanol|nature/terrain|rieka|río|False|False
espanol|nature/terrain|jazero|lago|False|False
deutsch|life/body|orgán|r Organ|True|False
deutsch|life/body|nos|e Nase/n|True|False
deutsch|life/body|pľúca|e Lunge/n|True|False
deutsch|life/body|hltan|r Rachen + r Schlund/ü-e + r Pharynx|False|False
deutsch|life/body|hrtan|r Kehlkopf + r Larynx|False|False
deutsch|life/body|priedušnica|e Luftröhre|False|False
deutsch|life/body|prieduška|e Bronchie/n|False|False
deutsch|life/body|srdce|s Herz/en|True|False
deutsch|life/body|krv|s Blut|True|False
deutsch|life/body|predsieň|r Vorhof/ö-e|False|False
deutsch|life/body|komora|e Kammer/n|False|False
deutsch|life/body|cieva|s Blutgefäss + die Ader/n|False|False
deutsch|life/body|tepna|e Schlagader + e Arterie/n|False|False
deutsch|life/body|žila|e Blutader + e Vene/n|False|False
deutsch|life/body|slezina|e Milz/en|False|False
deutsch|life/body|mozog|s Gehirn/e + s Hirn/e|True|False
deutsch|life/body|miecha|s Rückenmark|False|False
deutsch|life/body|sval|r Muskel/n|True|False
deutsch|life/body|kĺb|s Gelenk/e|True|False
deutsch|life/body|šľacha|e Sehne + e Flechse|False|False
deutsch|life/body|chrupavka|r Knorpel|False|False
deutsch|life/body|bránica|s Zwerchfell/e|False|False
deutsch|life/body|kostra|s Skelett + s Gerippe|True|False
deutsch|life/body|kosť|r Knochen|True|False
deutsch|life/body|ramenná kosť|r Oberarmknochen|False|True
deutsch|life/body|stehenná hosť|r Oberschenkelknochen|False|True
deutsch|life/body|dreň|s Mark|False|False
deutsch|life/body|lebka|r Schädel|True|False
deutsch|life/body|čeľusť|r Kiefer|True|False
deutsch|life/body|stavec|r Wirbel|True|False
deutsch|life/body|rebro|e Rippe|True|False
deutsch|life/body|chrbtica|e Wirbelsäule + s Rückgrat|False|False
deutsch|life/body|platnička|e Bandscheibe/n|False|False
deutsch|life/body|panva|s Becken|False|False
deutsch|life/body|hrudný kôš|r Brustkorb|False|False
deutsch|life/body|hrudná kosť|s Brustbein|False|False
deutsch|life/body|kľúčna kosť|s Schüsselbein|False|False
deutsch|life/body|lopatka|s Schulterblatt|False|False
deutsch|life/body|vretenná kosť|e Speiche|False|False
deutsch|life/body|lakťová kosť|e Elle|False|False
deutsch|life/body|píšťala|s Schienbein|False|False
deutsch|life/body|ihlica|s Wadenbein|False|False
deutsch|life/body|jabĺčko|e Kniescheibe/n|False|False
deutsch|life/body|koža|e Haut|True|False
deutsch|life/body|sliznica|e Schleimhaut|False|True
deutsch|life/body|necht|r Nagel/ä|True|False
deutsch|life/body|záder|r Niednagel|False|True
deutsch|life/body|chlp/vlas|s Haar/e|True|False
deutsch|life/body|chĺpok|s Härchen|False|True
deutsch|life/body|brada|r Bart + s Barthaar|True|False
deutsch|life/body|fúzy|r Schnurrbart|False|True
deutsch|life/body|briadka|r Kinnbart|False|True
deutsch|life/body|obočie|e Augenbraue + e Braue|False|False
deutsch|life/body|mihalnica|e Augenwimper + e Wimper|False|False
deutsch|life/body|znamienko|s Mal/e|False|False
deutsch|life/body|pažerák|e Speiseröhre|False|False
deutsch|life/body|pečen|e Leber|True|False
deutsch|life/body|žlč|e Galle/n|False|False
deutsch|life/body|žlčník|e Gallenblase|False|True
deutsch|life/body|žalúdok|r Magen/ä|True|False
deutsch|life/body|črevo|r Darm/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|life/body|tenké črevo|r Dünndarm|False|True
deutsch|life/body|hrubé črevo|r Dickdarm|False|True
deutsch|life/body|ústa|r Mund/ü-er|True|False
deutsch|life/body|pera|e Lippe/n|True|False
deutsch|life/body|jazyk|e Zunge/n|True|False
deutsch|life/body|zub|r Zahn/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|life/body|rezák|r Schneidezahn|False|True
deutsch|life/body|očný zub|r Eckzahn|False|True
deutsch|life/body|stolička|r Mahlzahn|False|True
deutsch|life/body|tesák|r Fangzahn|False|True
deutsch|life/body|kel|r Stosszahn|False|True
deutsch|life/body|slina|r Speichel|False|False
deutsch|life/body|ďasno|s Zahnfleisch|False|False
deutsch|life/body|podnebie|r Gaumen|False|False
deutsch|life/body|ucho|s Ohr/en|True|False
deutsch|life/body|ušnica|e Ohrmuschel|False|True
deutsch|life/body|zvukovod|r Gehörgang|False|False
deutsch|life/body|bubienok|s Trommelfell|False|False
deutsch|life/body|kladivko|r Hammer/ä|False|False
deutsch|life/body|nákovka|r Amboss|False|False
deutsch|life/body|strmienok|r Steigbügel|False|False
deutsch|life/body|oko|s Auge/n|True|False
deutsch|life/body|šošovka|e Linse/n|False|False
deutsch|life/body|zrenica|e Pupille/n|False|False
deutsch|life/body|rohovka|e Hornhaut|False|False
deutsch|life/body|dúhovka|e Regenbogenhaut|False|False
deutsch|life/body|sietnica|e Netzhaut|False|False
deutsch|life/body|sklovec|r Glaskörper|False|False
deutsch|life/body|oblička|e Niere/n|True|False
deutsch|life/body|moč|r Harn + r Urin|False|False
deutsch|life/body|močový mechúr|e Harnblase|False|True
deutsch|life/body|močovod|r Harnleiter|False|True
deutsch|life/body|močová rúra|e Harnröhre|False|True
deutsch|life/body|pošva|e Scheide/n|False|False
deutsch|life/body|maternica|e Gebärmutter|False|False
deutsch|life/body|vaječník|r Eierstock|False|False
deutsch|life/body|vajíčkovod|r Eileiter|False|False
deutsch|life/body|semenník|r Hoden|False|False
deutsch|life/body|miešok|r Hodensack|False|True
espanol|life/movement|kráčať|caminar|False|False
espanol|life/movement|bežať|correr|False|False
espanol|life/movement|skočiť|saltar|False|False
espanol|life/movement|skákať|brincar|False|False
espanol|life/movement|krívať|cojear|False|False
espanol|life/movement|hodiť|tirar + echar|False|False
espanol|life/movement|potácať sa|tambalear|False|False
espanol|life/movement|triasť|zarandear|False|False
espanol|life/movement|uchopiť|asir|False|False
deutsch|economy/construction|lešenie|s Gerüst|False|False
deutsch|economy/construction|žeriav|r Kran|False|False
deutsch|economy/construction|trosky|e Trümmer|False|False
deutsch|economy/construction|stavať|bauen|False|False
deutsch|economy/construction|stavba|r Bau|False|True
deutsch|economy/construction|prístavba|r Anbau|False|True
deutsch|economy/construction|vstavanie|r Einbau|False|True
deutsch|economy/construction|stavebný|baulich|False|True
deutsch|economy/construction|stavenisko|e Baustelle|False|True
deutsch|economy/construction|stavebný pozemok|r Bauplatz|False|True
deutsch|economy/construction|stavebný materiál|r Baustoff|False|True
deutsch|economy/construction|stavebníctvo|s Bauwesen + e Bauwirtschaft|False|True
deutsch|economy/construction|zastavať|bebauen|False|True
deutsch|economy/construction|zastavať/zatarasiť|verbauen|False|True
deutsch|economy/construction|pristavať|zubauen|False|True
deutsch|economy/construction|prístavba|r Zubau|False|True
deutsch|economy/construction|stavebný sloh|r Baustil/e|False|True
deutsch|economy/construction|pozemok|s Grundstück|False|False
deutsch|economy/construction|budova|s Gebäude|False|False
deutsch|economy/construction|klinec|r Nagel/ä|True|False
deutsch|economy/construction|rebrík|e Leiter/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/construction|priečka rebríka|e Sprosse/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/construction|trám|r Balken|False|False
deutsch|economy/construction|poleno|r Klotz/ö-e|False|False
deutsch|economy/construction|jama|e Grube/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/construction|kopať|graben/gräbt/grub/gegruben|True|False
deutsch|economy/construction|odkopať|abgraben/gräbt/grub/abgegruben|False|True
deutsch|economy/construction|vykopať|ausgraben/gräbt/grub/ausgegruben|False|True
deutsch|economy/construction|zakopať|eingraben/gräbt/grub/eingegruben|False|True
deutsch|economy/construction|moriť drevo|beizen|False|False
deutsch|economy/construction|kolík|r Pflock/ö-e|False|False
deutsch|economy/construction|zárez|e Kerbe/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/construction|slučka|e Schlinge/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/construction|hobľovať|hobeln|False|False
deutsch|economy/construction|miestnosť|r Raum/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|economy/construction|stena|e Wand/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|economy/construction|podlaha|r Fussboden/ö|True|False
deutsch|economy/construction|izba|s Zimmer|True|False
deutsch|economy/construction|spálňa|s Schlafzimmer|False|True
deutsch|economy/construction|obývačka|s Wohnzimmer|False|True
deutsch|economy/construction|kúpelňa|s Badezimmer|False|True
deutsch|economy/construction|kuchyňa|e Küche/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/construction|komora|e Kammer/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/construction|špajza|e Speisekammer/n|False|True
deutsch|economy/construction|chodba|r Korridor/e + r Flur/e|False|False
deutsch|economy/construction|predsieň|e Diele/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/construction|pivnica|r Keller|True|False
deutsch|economy/construction|strecha|s Dach/ä-er|True|False
deutsch|economy/construction|povala|r Dachboden/ö|False|True
deutsch|economy/construction|veža|r Turm/ü-e|True|False
deutsch|economy/construction|múr|e Mauer/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/construction|strop|e Decke/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/construction|schodisko|e Treppe/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/construction|schod|e Stufe/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/construction|stĺp|e Säule/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/construction|pilier|r Pfeiler|False|False
deutsch|economy/construction|výklenok|e Nische/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/construction|komín|r Schornstein/e|False|False
deutsch|economy/construction|škridla|r Dachziegel|False|False
deutsch|economy/construction|odkvap|e Traufe/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/construction|okno|s Fenster|True|False
deutsch|economy/construction|dvere|e Tür/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/construction|brána|s Tor/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/construction|dlaždica|e Fliese/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/construction|prah|e Schwelle/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/construction|kľučka|e Klinke/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/construction|pánt|s Scharnier/e|False|False
deutsch|economy/construction|rám|e Zarge/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/construction|fontána|r Brunnen|True|False
deutsch|economy/construction|studňa|r Brunnen|True|False
deutsch|economy/construction|hrádza|r Staudamm/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|economy/construction|priehrada|e Talsperre/n|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/človek/sloboda|voľný|frei|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/človek/sloboda|sloboda|e Freiheit|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/človek/sloboda|oslobodiť|befreien|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/človek/sloboda|dobrovoľný|freiwillig|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/človek/sloboda|vôľa|r Wille/n|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/človek/sloboda|dobrovoľný|freiwillig|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/človek/sloboda|otrok|r Sklave/n|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/človek/sloboda|nariadenie|e Anweisung/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/človek/sloboda|pokyn|e Weisung/en|False|False
deutsch|economy/cloths|bavlna|e Baumwolle/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/cloths|vlna|e Wolle/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/cloths|hodváb|e Seide/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/cloths|gombík|r Knopf/ö-e|True|False
deutsch|economy/cloths|zips|r Reissverschluss/ü-e|False|False
deutsch|economy/cloths|čipka|e Spitze/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/cloths|strapec|e Quaste/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/cloths|krajčír|r Schneider|True|False
deutsch|economy/cloths|vlákno|r Faden/ä|False|False
deutsch|economy/cloths|priadza|s Garn/e|False|False
deutsch|economy/cloths|vlna|e Wolle|False|False
deutsch|economy/cloths|niť|s Nähgarn/e + r Zwirn/e|False|False
deutsch|economy/cloths|povraz|e Schnur/ü-e|False|False
deutsch|economy/cloths|povraz|r Strang/ä-e|False|False
deutsch|economy/cloths|klbko|r/s Knäuel|False|False
deutsch|economy/cloths|lano|s Seil/e + s Tau/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/cloths|nitka|e Fussel/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/cloths|stuha|e Schleife/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/cloths|nožnice|e Schere/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/cloths|ihla|e Nadel/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/cloths|vreteno|e Spindel/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/cloths|šiť|nähen + schneidern|True|False
deutsch|economy/cloths|párať|auftrennen|False|False
deutsch|economy/cloths|šev|e Naht/ä-e|False|False
deutsch|economy/cloths|zašiť|zunähen|False|False
deutsch|economy/cloths|prišiť|annähen + aufnähen|False|False
deutsch|economy/cloths|pliesť|stricken|False|False
deutsch|economy/cloths|spletať|flechten|False|False
deutsch|economy/cloths|tkať|weben|False|False
deutsch|economy/cloths|strapkať sa|fransen|False|False
deutsch|economy/cloths|handra|r Lumpen|False|False
deutsch|economy/cloths|zdrap|r Fetzen|False|False
deutsch|economy/cloths|záplata|r Flicken|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/family|otec|父亲 [fùqīn]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/family|mama|妈妈 [māma]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/family|syn|儿子 [érzi]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/family|dcéra|女儿 [nǚér]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/family|teta|阿姨 [āyí] + 姨妈 [yímā]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/family|strýko|叔叔 [shūshu]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/family|synovec|外甥 [wàisheng]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/family|vnuk|孙子 [sūnzi]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/family|dedo|爷爷 [yéye]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/family|babka|奶奶 [nǎinai]|False|False
deutsch|particles|áno|ja|False|False
deutsch|particles|nie|nein|False|False
deutsch|particles|isto|allerdings|False|False
deutsch|particles|pravdaže|jawohl|False|False
deutsch|particles|predsa|doch|False|False
deutsch|particles|všakže|gell|False|False
deutsch|particles|nuž|tja|False|False
deutsch|particles|veď|ja|False|False
deutsch|particles|takmer|nahezu + fast|False|False
russkiy|economy/war|napadnúť|напа́сть|False|False
russkiy|economy/war|útok|штурм|False|False
chinese|economy/construction|mesto|城市 [chéngshì]|False|False
chinese|economy/construction|malé mesto|城镇 [chéngzhèn]|False|False
chinese|economy/construction|veľkomesto|都市 [dūshì]|False|False
chinese|economy/construction|dedina|村庄 [cūnzhuāng]|False|False
chinese|economy/construction|veža|塔 [tǎ]|False|False
chinese|economy/construction|múr|墙 [qiáng]|False|False
chinese|economy/construction|most|桥 [qiáo]|False|False
chinese|economy/construction|hrad|城堡 [chéngbǎo]|False|False
chinese|economy/construction|cesta|路 [lù]|False|False
chinese|economy/construction|ulica|街道 [jiēdào]|False|False
chinese|economy/construction|garáž|车库 [chēkù]|False|False
chinese|economy/construction|parkovisko|停车场 [tíngchēchǎng]|False|False
chinese|economy/construction|poschodie|楼层 [lóucéng]|False|False
chinese|economy/construction|schody|楼梯 [lóutī]|False|False
chinese|economy/construction|výťah|电梯 [diàntī]|False|False
chinese|economy/construction|dom|房 [fáng]|False|False
chinese|economy/construction|izba|房间 [fángjiān]|False|False
chinese|economy/construction|okno|窗 [chuāng]|False|False
chinese|economy/construction|dvere|门 [mén]|False|False
chinese|economy/construction|strecha|屋顶 [wūdǐng]|False|False
chinese|economy/construction|komín|烟囱 [yāncōng]|False|False
chinese|economy/construction|balkón|阳台 [yángtái]|False|False
deutsch|life/animal|chvost|r Schwanz/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|life/animal|chvost|r Schweif/e|False|False
deutsch|life/animal|srsť|s Fell|True|False
deutsch|life/animal|kopyto|r Huf/e|True|False
deutsch|life/animal|roh|s Horn|True|False
deutsch|life/animal|laba|e Pfote/n + e Tatze/n + e Pranke/n|True|False
deutsch|life/animal|chobot|r Rüssel|True|False
deutsch|life/animal|parohy|s Geweih|False|False
deutsch|life/animal|vemeno|s Euter|False|False
deutsch|life/animal|hrb|r Höcker|False|False
deutsch|life/animal|chumáč|e Zottel/n|False|False
deutsch|life/animal|tlama|s Maul/ä-er|False|False
deutsch|life/animal|papuľa|e Lefze/n|False|False
deutsch|life/animal|nozdry|e Nüstern|False|False
deutsch|life/animal|cecok|e Zitze/n|False|False
deutsch|life/animal|zobák|r Schnabel/ä|True|False
deutsch|life/animal|krídlo|r Flügel + r Fittich/e|True|False
deutsch|life/animal|pero|e Feder|True|False
deutsch|life/animal|letka|e Schwungfeder/n|False|True
deutsch|life/animal|páperko|e Flaumfeder/n|False|True
deutsch|life/animal|perie|s Gefieder + s Federkleid|False|True
deutsch|life/animal|brko|r Kiel/e|False|False
deutsch|life/animal|trtáč|r Bürzel|False|False
deutsch|life/animal|hrvoľ/struma|r Kropf/ö-e|False|False
deutsch|life/animal|šupina|e Schuppe|False|False
deutsch|life/animal|pancier|r Panzer|False|False
deutsch|life/animal|plutva|e Flosse/n|False|False
deutsch|life/animal|žiabre|e Kieme/n|False|False
deutsch|life/animal|rybia kosť|e Gräte/n|False|False
deutsch|life/animal|osteň/žihadlo|r Stachel|False|False
deutsch|life/animal|tykadlo|r Fühler|False|False
deutsch|life/animal|krovka|r Deckflügel|False|False
deutsch|life/animal|chápadlo|r Fangarm/e|False|False
deutsch|life/animal|včelí plást|e Wabe/n|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce|cicavec|哺乳动物 [bǔrǔ dòngwù]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce|vtákopysk|鸭嘴兽 [yāzuǐshòu]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce|vačkovec|有袋动物 [yǒudài dòngwù]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce|klokan|袋鼠 [dàishǔ]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce|vačica|负鼠 [fùshǔ]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce|mravčiar|食蚁兽 [shíyǐshòu]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce|leňochod|树懒 [shùlǎn]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce|pásovec|犰狳 [qiúyú]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce|slon|大象 [dàxiàng]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce|netopier|蝙蝠 [biānfú]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce|jež|刺猬 [cìwèi]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce|krt|鼹鼠 [yǎnshǔ]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce|hlodavec|啮齿 [nièchǐ]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce|myš|老鼠 [lǎoshǔ]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce|potkan|老鼠 [lǎoshǔ]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce|škrečok|仓鼠 [cāngshǔ]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce|pieskomil|沙鼠 [shāshǔ]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce|bobor|海狸 [hǎilí]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce|veverička|松鼠 [sōngshǔ]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce|syseľ|黄鼠 [huángshǔ]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce|dikobraz|豪猪 [háozhū]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce|kapybara|水豚 [shuǐtún]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce|zajac|野兔 [yětù] + 兔子 [tùzǐ]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce|králik|野兔 [yětù] + 兔子 [tùzǐ]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce|opica|猴[子] [hóuzi]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce|ľudoop|猿 [yuán]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce|šimpanz|黑猩猩 [hēi xīngxīng]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce|gorila|大猩猩 [dà xīngxīng]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce|orangutan|红猩猩 [hóng xīngxīng]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce|gibon|长臂猿 [chángbìyuán]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce|pavián|狒狒 [fèifèi]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce|makak|猕猴 [míhóu]|False|False
deutsch|pronoun|neogabanec|r Lümmel|False|False
deutsch|pronoun|naničhodník|r Taugenichts/e + r Tunichtgut/e|False|False
deutsch|pronoun|podliak|r Halunke/n|False|False
deutsch|pronoun|lotor|r Schurke/n|False|False
deutsch|pronoun|ničomník|r Schuft/e|False|False
deutsch|pronoun|fagan|r Bengel|False|False
deutsch|pronoun|chlapec|r Bub/en|False|False
deutsch|pronoun|nezbedník|r Lausbub/en|False|False
deutsch|pronoun|lump|r Gauner|False|False
deutsch|pronoun|uličník|r Schlingel + r Lauser|False|False
deutsch|pronoun|hulvát|r Rüpel|False|False
deutsch|pronoun|truľo|r Depp/en|False|False
deutsch|pronoun|ignorant|r Banause/n|False|False
deutsch|pronoun|pajác|r Popanz/e|False|False
deutsch|pronoun|prisluhovač|r Scherge/n|False|False
deutsch|pronoun|súdruh|r Genosse/n|False|False
deutsch|pronoun|chlapec|r Knabe/n|False|False
deutsch|pronoun|šibal|r Schalk/e|False|False
deutsch|pronoun|motovidlo|r Schussel|False|False
deutsch|pronoun|fičúr|r Fatzke/n|False|False
deutsch|pronoun|darebák|r Mistkerl/e|False|False
deutsch|pronoun|zberba|r Pöbel|False|False
deutsch|pronoun|truľo|r Tölpel|False|False
deutsch|pronoun|hlupák|r Trottel|False|False
deutsch|pronoun|idiot|r Arsch/ä-e|False|False
deutsch|pronoun|mať za blázna|verarschen|False|True
deutsch|pronoun|sviniar|r Arschloch/ö-er|False|True
deutsch|pronoun|somár|r Pinsel + s Ross/ö-er|False|False
deutsch|pronoun|huncút|r Racker|False|False
deutsch|pronoun|mladík|r Bursche/n|False|False
deutsch|pronoun|pokrytec|r Heuchler|False|False
deutsch|pronoun|chamtivec|r Raffzahn/ä-e|False|False
deutsch|pronoun|fičúr|r Geck/en + r Laffe|False|False
deutsch|pronoun|bifľoš|r Pauker|False|False
deutsch|pronoun|žalobaba|r Petzer|False|False
deutsch|pronoun|sliedič|r Lauscher|False|False
deutsch|pronoun|prostitútka|e Hure/n|True|False
deutsch|pronoun|cundra|e Schlampe/n|False|False
deutsch|pronoun|drzaňa|e Göre/n|False|False
deutsch|pronoun|sliepka|e Schnepfe/n|False|False
deutsch|pronoun|otrava|e Nervensäge/n|False|False
deutsch|pronoun|zberba|s Gesindel + s Gesocks|False|False
espanol|culture/jazyk|jazyk|lengua|False|False
espanol|culture/jazyk|nárečie|dialecto|False|False
espanol|culture/jazyk|písmo|escritura|False|False
espanol|culture/jazyk|výslovnosť|pronunciación|False|False
espanol|culture/jazyk|gramatika|gramática|False|False
espanol|culture/jazyk|interpunkcia|puntuación|False|False
espanol|culture/jazyk|prízvuk|acento|False|False
espanol|culture/jazyk|písať|escribir|False|False
espanol|culture/jazyk|čítať|leer|False|False
espanol|culture/jazyk|spoluhláska|consonante|False|False
espanol|culture/jazyk|samohláska|vocal|False|False
espanol|culture/jazyk|písmeno|letra|False|False
espanol|culture/jazyk|slovo|palabra|False|False
espanol|culture/jazyk|veta|oración|False|False
chinese|economy/health|lekár|医生 [yīshēng]|False|False
chinese|economy/health|zubár|牙医 [yáyī]|False|False
chinese|economy/health|nemocnica|医院 [yīyuàn]|False|False
chinese|economy/health|zdravie|健康 [jiànkāng]|False|False
chinese|economy/health|operácia|手术 [shǒushù]|False|False
chinese|economy/health|injekcia|注射 [zhùshè]|False|False
chinese|economy/health|liek|药 [yào]|False|False
chinese|economy/health|obväz|绷带 [bēngdài]|False|False
chinese|economy/health|choroba|疾病 [jíbìng]|False|False
chinese|economy/health|pacient|病人 [bìngrén]|False|False
chinese|economy/health|horúčka|发烧 [fāshāo]|False|False
chinese|economy/health|rakovina|癌症 [áizhèng]|False|False
chinese|economy/health|hnačka|腹泻 [fùxiè]|False|False
chinese|economy/health|mor|瘟疫 [wēnyì]|False|False
chinese|economy/health|jazva|伤疤 [shāngbā] + 疤痕 [bāhén]|False|False
chinese|economy/health|zranenie|伤 [shāng]|False|False
chinese|economy/health|modrina|青肿 [qīngzhǒng]|False|False
chinese|economy/health|opuch|水肿 [shuǐzhǒng]|False|False
chinese|economy/health|nádor|肿瘤 [zhǒngliú]|False|False
chinese|economy/health|alergia|过敏 [guòmǐn]|False|False
chinese|economy/health|ekzém|湿疹 [shīzhěn]|False|False
chinese|economy/health|osýpky|麻疹 [mázhěn]|False|False
chinese|economy/health|vred|溃疡 [kuìyáng]|False|False
chinese|economy/health|bradavica|疣 [yóu]|False|False
chinese|economy/health|kašeľ|咳嗽 [késou]|False|False
chinese|economy/health|astma|哮喘 [xiàochuǎn]|False|False
chinese|economy/health|bolesť|痛 [tòng]|False|False
chinese|economy/health|bolieť|疼痛 [téngtòng]|False|False
chinese|economy/health|trápenie|痛苦 [tòngkǔ]|False|False
chinese|economy/health|šialený|疯狂 [fēngkuáng]|False|False
chinese|economy/health|liečiť|治疗 [zhìliáo]|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|odpoveď|e Antwort/en + e Erwiderung/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|odpovedať|antworten + beantworten|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|odpovedať|erwidern|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|vyhlásiť|verkünden|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|prisahať|schwören/schwor/geschworen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|sľúbiť|versprechen/verspricht/versprach/versprochen + zusagen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|sľub|s Versprechen + e Zusage|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|dodržať (sľub)|einhalten/hält/hielt/eingehalten|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|protirečenie|r Widerspruch|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|námietka|e Einwendung|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|sťažovať sa|beschweren sich|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|sťažovať sa|beklagen sich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|sťažnosť|e Beschwerde|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|chvála|s Lob|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|tárať|quatschen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|nezmysel|r Quatsch|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|klebety|r Klatsch|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|klebetiť|klatschen (über) + tratschen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|klebety|r Tratsch|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|ohovárať|verleumden|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|ohováranie|e Verleumdung|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|očierniť|verunglimpfen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|hádka|r Streit/e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|spor|r Zwiespalt|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|spor|e Fehde/n|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|názor|e Meinung/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|sporný|strittig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|pripomenúť|erinnern (an)|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|potvrdenie|e Bestätigung|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|frflať|muffeln|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|tárať|plappern + schwatzen + schwätzen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|rozhovor|s Gespräch/e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|téma|s Thema/Themen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|posolstvo|e Botschaft/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|pozdrav|r Gruss/ü-e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|rozlúčka|r Abschied/e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|rozlúčiť sa|verabschieden sich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|vysvetlenie|e Erklärung/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|kontakt|r Kontakt/e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|informácia|r Bescheid/e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|ospravedlniť sa|entschuldigen sich (für)|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|uhol pohľadu|e Sichtweise/n|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|dohodnúť|verabreden|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|dohoda|e Verabredung/en|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|dohodnúť|ausmachen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|priznať|zugeben/gibt/gab/zugegeben|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|priznanie|s Geständnis/se|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|rokovať|verhandeln (über)|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/communication|priznať|gestehen/gestand/gestanden|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ludske akcie/úrad|úrad|s Amt/ä-er|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ludske akcie/úrad|úradník|r Beamte/n|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ludske akcie/úrad|oficiálny|offiziell|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ludske akcie/úrad|preukaz|r Ausweis/e|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ludske akcie/úrad|pečiatka|s Siegel|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ludske-sidla|mesto|e Stadt/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ludske-sidla|predmestie|e Vorstadt/ä-e|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/ludske-sidla|dedina|s Dorf/ö-er|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ludske-sidla|osada|e Siedlung/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ludske-sidla|osada|e Ortschaft/en|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ludske-sidla|obec|e Gemeinde/n|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ludske-sidla|zapadákov|s Kaff|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ludske-sidla|usadlosť|s Anwesen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ludske-sidla|ostrovan|r Insulaner|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ludske-sidla|bývať|wohnen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ludske-sidla|byt|e Wohnung/en|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/ludske-sidla|obývať|bewohnen|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/ludske-sidla|domov|s Heim/e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ludske-sidla|vlasť|e Heimat|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/ludske-sidla|dom|s Haus/ä-er|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ludske-sidla|chata|e Hütte/n|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ludske-sidla|domorodý|einheimisch|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/ludske-sidla|adresa|e Adresse/n|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ludske-sidla|sused|r Nachbar/n|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ludske-sidla|nájom|e Miete/n|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ludske-sidla|presťahovať sa|umziehen/zog/umgezogen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ludske-sidla|nasťahovať sa|beziehen/bezog/bezogen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ludske-sidla|prístrešie|s Obdach|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ludske-sidla|bezdomovec|r Obdachlose/n|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/ludske-sidla|ulica|e Strasse/n|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ludske-sidla|ulička|e Gasse/n|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ludske-sidla|vidiek|s Land|True|False
espanol|taxonomy/arthropoda|pavúk|araña|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/arthropoda|škorpión|escorpión|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/arthropoda|kliešť|garrapata|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/arthropoda|stonožka|ciempiés|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/arthropoda|krab|cangrejo|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/arthropoda|vážka|caballito del diablo|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/arthropoda|vážka|libélula|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/arthropoda|šváb|cucaracha|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/arthropoda|modlivka|mantis|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/arthropoda|kobylka|saltamontes|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/arthropoda|ploštica|chinche|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/arthropoda|voš|piojo|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/arthropoda|chrobák|escarabajo|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/arthropoda|lienka|mariquita|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/arthropoda|mucha|mosca|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/arthropoda|komár|mosquito|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/arthropoda|blcha|pulga|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/arthropoda|motýľ|mariposa|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/arthropoda|babôčka|ortiguera|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/arthropoda|včela|abeja|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/arthropoda|čmeliak|abejorro|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/arthropoda|osa|avispa|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/arthropoda|sršeň|avispón|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/arthropoda|mravec|hormiga|False|False
deutsch|life/senses|zmysel|r Sinn|True|False
deutsch|life/senses|vnímanie|e Wahrnehmung|False|False
deutsch|life/senses|čuch|r Geruchssinn|False|False
deutsch|life/senses|sluch|r Hörsinn + r Gehörsinn|False|False
deutsch|life/senses|zrak|r Sehsinn + e Sehkraft + s Sehvermögen|False|False
deutsch|life/senses|chuť|r Geschmackssinn|False|False
deutsch|life/senses|hmat|r Tastsinn|False|False
deutsch|life/senses|cítiť|fühlen + spüren|True|False
deutsch|life/senses|zachytiť(zmyslami)|erhaschen|True|False
deutsch|life/senses|vnímať|wahrnehmen/nimmt/nahm/wahrgenommen|True|False
deutsch|life/senses|počuť|hören|True|False
deutsch|life/senses|počúvať|zuhören|True|False
deutsch|life/senses|vypočuť|anhören|True|False
deutsch|life/senses|načúvať|lauschen|True|False
deutsch|life/senses|prepočuť|verhören sich|False|False
deutsch|life/senses|kukať|gucken|True|False
deutsch|life/senses|vidieť|sehen/sieht/sah/gesehen|True|False
deutsch|life/senses|pozerať sa| nachsehen/sieht/sah/nachgesehen|True|False
deutsch|life/senses|dívať sa|schauen|True|False
deutsch|life/senses|dívať sa|blicken|False|False
deutsch|life/senses|prezrieť|anschauen|True|False
deutsch|life/senses|znovu vidieť|wiedersehen/sieht/sah/wiedergesehen|True|False
deutsch|life/senses|zízať|starren + gaffen + glotzen|False|False
deutsch|life/senses|pozorovať|beobachten + betrachten|True|False
deutsch|life/senses|prezerať si|mustern|True|False
deutsch|life/senses|škúliť|schielen|False|False
deutsch|life/senses|uzrieť|erblicken|False|False
deutsch|life/senses|vzhliadnuť hore|aufblicken|False|False
deutsch|life/senses|vzhliadnuť|aufschauen|False|False
deutsch|life/senses|vzhliadnuť od|aufsehen/sieht/sah/aufgesehen (von)|False|False
deutsch|life/senses|pohľad|r Blick/e|True|False
deutsch|life/senses|čuchať|riechen/roch/gerochen|True|False
deutsch|life/senses|očuchať|beriechen/beroch/berochen|False|False
deutsch|life/senses|pach|r Geruch|True|False
deutsch|life/senses|voňať|duften|True|False
deutsch|life/senses|vôňa|r Duft|True|False
deutsch|life/senses|smrdieť|stinken/stank/gestunken|True|False
deutsch|life/senses|zápach|r Gestank|True|False
deutsch|life/senses|ňuchať|schnüffeln + schnuppern|False|False
deutsch|life/senses|oňuchávať|beschnüffeln|False|False
deutsch|life/senses|sladký|süss|False|False
deutsch|life/senses|slaný|salzig|False|False
deutsch|life/senses|kyslý|sauer|False|False
deutsch|life/senses|horký|bitter|False|False
deutsch|life/senses|trpký|herb|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/spánok|spánok|r Schlaf|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/spánok|zdriemnutie|s Schläfchen + s Nickerchen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/spánok|spať|schlafen/schläft/schlief/geschlafen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/spánok|zaspať|einschlafen/schläft/schlief/eingeschlafen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/spánok|prespať|verschlafen/verschläft/verschlief/verschlafen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/spánok|vyspať sa|ausschlafen/schläft/schlief/ausgeschlafen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/spánok|uspať|einschläfern|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/spánok|driemať|schlummern|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/spánok|drichmať|pennen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/spánok|odpočinúť si|ausruhen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/spánok|snívať|träumen (von)|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/spánok|sen|r Traum/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/spánok|ospalosť|e Schläfrigkeit|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/spánok|ospalý|schläfrig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/spánok|bdelý|wach|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/spánok|únava|e Müdigkeit|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/spánok|unaviť sa|ermüden|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/spánok|unavený|müde|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/spánok|vyčerpanie|e Erschöpfung/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/spánok|vyčerpať|erschöpfen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/spánok|vyčerpaný|erschöpft|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/spánok|zobudiť sa|aufwachen + erwachen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/spánok|zobudiť|aufwecken + wecken|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/spánok|prebudiť|erwecken|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/spánok|zívať|gähnen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/spánok|zívnutie|r Gähner|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/spánok|námaha|e Mühe/n|True|False
chinese|economy/finance|peniaze|钱 [qián]|False|False
chinese|economy/finance|platiť|付 [fù]|False|False
chinese|economy/finance|finančný|金融 [jīnróng]|False|False
chinese|economy/finance|úver|贷款 [dàikuǎn]|False|False
chinese|economy/finance|dlhovať|欠 [qiàn]|False|False
chinese|economy/finance|dlh|欠款 [qiànkuǎn]|False|False
chinese|economy/finance|platba|付款 [fùkuǎn]|False|False
chinese|economy/finance|mena|货币 [huòbì]|False|False
chinese|economy/finance|úrok|利息 [lìxī]|False|False
chinese|economy/finance|daň|税 [shuì]|False|False
chinese|economy/finance|poplatok|费 [fèi]|False|False
chinese|economy/finance|inflácia|通胀 [tōngzhàng]|False|False
chinese|economy/finance|cena|价格 [jiàgé]|False|False
chinese|economy/finance|hodnota|价值 [jiàzhí]|False|False
chinese|economy/finance|lacný|便宜 [piányi]|False|False
chinese|economy/finance|drahý|昂贵 [ángguì]|False|False
chinese|economy/finance|cenný|宝贵 [bǎoguì]|False|False
russkiy|phrases|začiatky sú ťažký|первый блин — комом|False|False
russkiy|abstract/space|kde|где|False|False
russkiy|abstract/space|tu|здесь|False|False
russkiy|abstract/space|tuto|вот|False|False
russkiy|abstract/space|sem|сюда́|False|False
russkiy|abstract/space|tam|там|False|False
russkiy|abstract/space|nikde|нигде́|False|False
russkiy|abstract/space|všade|повсю́ду|False|False
russkiy|abstract/space|blízko|бли́зко|False|False
russkiy|abstract/space|ďaleko|далеко́|False|False
russkiy|abstract/space|pod|под|False|False
russkiy|abstract/space|nad|над|False|False
russkiy|abstract/space|okolo|вокру́г|False|False
russkiy|abstract/space|pri|при|False|False
russkiy|abstract/space|pred|пе́ред|False|False
russkiy|abstract/space|za|за|False|False
russkiy|abstract/space|medzi|ме́жду|False|False
russkiy|abstract/space|napravo|напра́во|False|False
russkiy|abstract/space|naľavo|нале́во|False|False
russkiy|life/communication|opýtať sa|спроси́ть|False|False
russkiy|life/communication|odpoveď|отве́т|False|False
russkiy|life/communication|odpovedať|отве́тить|False|True
russkiy|life/communication|otázka|вопро́с|False|False
russkiy|life/communication|radiť|сове́товать|False|False
russkiy|life/communication|zašomrať|пробормота́ть|False|False
russkiy|life/communication|prosíkať|умоля́ть|False|False
russkiy|life/communication|vyhrážka|угро́за|False|False
russkiy|life/physiology|pľuť|плева́ть|False|False
russkiy|life/physiology|žuť|жева́ть|False|False
russkiy|life/physiology|potiť sa|поте́ть|False|False
russkiy|life/physiology|fajčiť|кури́ть|False|False
russkiy|life/physiology|smiech|смех|False|False
russkiy|life/physiology|smiať sa|смея́ться|False|True
deutsch|culture/food/drink|nápoj|s Getränk/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/drink|prípitok|r Trinkspruch/ü-e|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/drink|čaj|r Tee/s|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/drink|káva|r Kaffee/s|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/drink|minerálka|s Mineralwasser/ä|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/drink|džús|r Saft/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/drink|limonáda|e Limonade/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/drink|žbrnda|s Gebräu/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/drink|pivo|s Bier/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/drink|víno|r Wein/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/drink|medovina|r Met + r Honigwein/e|False|True
deutsch|culture/food/drink|alkohol|r Alkohol/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/drink|šampanské|r Champagner|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/drink|likér|r Likör/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/drink|liehovina|e Spirituose/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/drink|pálenka|r Schnaps/ä-e|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/spravanie|pocit|s Gefühl/e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/spravanie|nálada|e Laune/n|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/spravanie|nálada|e Stimmung/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/spravanie|výraz|r Ausdruck/ü-e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/spravanie|posunok|e Gebärde/n|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/spravanie|grimasa|e Fratze/n|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/spravanie|cítiť|verspüren|False|False
deutsch|abstract/value|dôležitý|wichtig|True|False
deutsch|abstract/value|podstatný|wesentlich + grundlegend|False|False
deutsch|abstract/value|kvalitný|hochwertig|True|False
deutsch|abstract/value|významný|bedeutend|False|False
deutsch|abstract/value|značný|erheblich|False|False
deutsch|abstract/value|výhodný|günstig (für)|True|False
deutsch|abstract/value|priazeň|e Gunst|False|True
deutsch|abstract/value|zvýhodnenie|e Begünstigung/en|False|True
deutsch|abstract/value|hlavný|Haupt-|False|False
deutsch|abstract/value|výnosný|ergiebig|False|False
deutsch|abstract/value|výhoda|r Vorteil/e|False|False
deutsch|abstract/value|nevýhoda|r Nachteil/e|False|False
deutsch|abstract/value|predovšetkým|vorzugsweise|False|False
deutsch|abstract/value|hlavne|hauptsächlich|False|False
deutsch|abstract/value|najmä|insbesondere|False|False
deutsch|abstract/value|obzvlášť|besonders|False|False
deutsch|abstract/time|čas|e Zeit|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|prítomnosť|e Gegenwart|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|budúcnosť|e Zukunft/ü-e|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|minulosť|e Vergangenheit/en|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|chvíľa|e Weile|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|okamih|r Moment/e|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|okamih|r Augenblick/e|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|termín|r Termin/e|False|False
deutsch|abstract/time|denný|täglich|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|dlhodobý|langfristig|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|krátkodobý|kurzlebig|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|dočasný|einstweilig|False|False
deutsch|abstract/time|predbežný|vorläufig|False|False
deutsch|abstract/time|postupný|allmählich|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|náhly|schlagartig|False|False
deutsch|abstract/time|budúci|künftig|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|bývalý|ehemalig|False|False
deutsch|abstract/time|bývalý|einstig|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|nedávno|neulich|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|dávno|längst|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|trvalý|nachhaltig|False|False
deutsch|abstract/time|presný|pünktlich|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|včasný|rechtzeitig|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|predčasný|vorzeitig|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|neskorý|spät|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|skorý|früh|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|priskorý|verfrüht|False|False
deutsch|abstract/time|oneskorený|verspätet|False|False
deutsch|abstract/time|neustály|rastlos|False|False
deutsch|abstract/time|neustály|stetig|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|oneskoriť sa|verspäten sich|False|False
deutsch|abstract/time|kedy|wann|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|vtedy|damals|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|teraz|jetzt + nun|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|momentálne|zurzeit|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|vždy|immer|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|hneď|gleich|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|stále|stets|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|nikdy|nie + niemals|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|často|oft + oftmals|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|občas|manchmal|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|tentokrát|diesmal|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|práve|gerade + eben|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|okamžite|sofort|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|náhle|plötzlich|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|čoskoro|bald|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|niekedy|irgendwann|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|v noci|nachts|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|kedykoľvek|jederzeit + wann auch immer|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|naďalej|weiterhin|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|doteraz|bisher|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|neskôr|später|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|najprv|zuerst|True|False
deutsch|abstract/time|predbežne|vorerst|False|False
deutsch|abstract/time|sem-tam|ab und zu|False|False
deutsch|abstract/time|niekedy|jemals|False|False
deutsch|abstract/time|niekoľkokrát|mehrmals|False|False
deutsch|abstract/time|mnohokrát|vielmals|False|False
deutsch|abstract/time|znovu|wieder + abermals|False|False
deutsch|abstract/time|ešte raz|nochmals|False|False
russkiy|life/senses|čuch|обоняние|False|False
russkiy|life/senses|sluch|слух|False|False
russkiy|life/senses|zrak|зрение|False|False
russkiy|life/senses|chuť|вкус|False|False
russkiy|life/senses|hmat|осязание|False|False
russkiy|life/senses|cítiť|чувствовать|True|False
russkiy|life/senses|vnímať|воспринимать|True|False
russkiy|life/senses|počuť|слышать|True|False
russkiy|life/senses|vidieť|видеть|True|False
russkiy|life/senses|uvidieť|увидеть|False|False
russkiy|life/senses|pozerať sa|смотреть|True|False
russkiy|life/senses|zízať|глазеть|False|False
russkiy|life/senses|pozorovať|наблюдать|True|False
russkiy|life/senses|prezerať si|осмотреть|True|False
russkiy|life/senses|žmúriť|щуриться|False|False
russkiy|life/senses|pohľad|взор|True|False
russkiy|life/senses|čuchať|нюхать|True|False
russkiy|life/senses|vôňa|запах + благоухание|True|False
russkiy|life/senses|voňať|благоухать|True|False
russkiy|life/senses|smrad|смрад + вонь|True|False
russkiy|life/senses|smrdieť|вонять|True|False
russkiy|life/senses|sladký|сладкий|False|False
russkiy|life/senses|slaný|солёный|False|False
russkiy|life/senses|kyslý|кислый|False|False
russkiy|life/senses|horký|горький|False|False
russkiy|life/senses|trpký|терпкий|False|False
russkiy|life/senses|biely|белый|False|False
russkiy|life/senses|čierny|черный|False|False
russkiy|life/senses|červený|красный|False|False
russkiy|life/senses|modrý|синий|False|False
russkiy|life/senses|zelený|зеленый|False|False
russkiy|life/senses|žltý|желтый|False|False
russkiy|life/senses|hnedý|коричневый|False|False
russkiy|life/senses|hnedý (oko)|карий|False|False
chinese|zvierata/bezstavovce|medúza|水母 [shuǐmǔ]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/bezstavovce|mäkkýš|软体动物 [ruǎntǐ dòngwù]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/bezstavovce|mušľa|贝壳 [bèiké]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/bezstavovce|slimák|蜗牛 [wōniú]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/bezstavovce|chobotnica|章鱼 [zhāngyú]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/bezstavovce|sépia|乌贼 [wūzéi]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/bezstavovce|dážďovka|蚯蚓 [qiūyǐn]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/bezstavovce|pásomnica|绦虫 [tāochóng]|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|vzdať sa|aufgeben/gibt/gab/aufgegeben|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|vydržať|aushalten/hält/hielt/ausgehalten|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|zniesť|ertragen/erträgt/ertrug/ertragen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|zvládnuť|schaffen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|obstáť|bestehen/bestand/bestanden|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|vykonať/dosiahnuť|leisten|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|dosiahnuť|erreichen + erzielen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|odolať|widerstehen/widerstand/widerstanden|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|podľahnúť|erliegen/erlag/erlegen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|pozorný|aufmerksam|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|pozornosť|e Aufmerksamkeit/en|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|schopný|fähig|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|snaha|e Bemühung/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|snažiť sa|bemühen sich (um)|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|snažiť sa (o)|streben (nach)|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|náročný|knifflig + kniffelig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|premárniť|vergeuden|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|premárniť|verschwenden|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|premrhať|vertun/vertat/vertan|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|zodpovedný|verantwortlich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|komplikovaný|kompliziert|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|poddajný|gefügig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|nadaný|begabt (für)|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|zanedbanie|Versäumnis/se|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|ctižiadostivosť|r Ehrgeiz|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|ctižiadostivý|ehrgeizig|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|trpezlivý|geduldig|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|trpezlivosť|e Geduld|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|strpieť|dulden|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|ľahostajný|gleichgültig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|ľahostajnosť|e Gleichgültigkeit|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|usilovný|fleissig + emsig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|snaživý|strebsam|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|usilovnosť|r Fleiss + e Emsigkeit|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|lenivý|faul|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|lenivosť|e Faulheit|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|vytrvalý|ausdauernd + beharrlich|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|výdrž|e Ausdauer + e Beharrlichkeit|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|vytrvať|ausharren|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|neúnavný|unverdrossen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/ľudská povaha/odhodlanie|odoprieť si|verkneifen sich|True|False
chinese|economy/work|robiť|做 [zuò]|False|False
chinese|economy/work|konať|作 [zuò]|False|False
chinese|economy/work|vyrobiť|制作 [zhìzuò]|False|False
chinese|economy/work|práca|工作 [gōngzuò]|False|False
chinese|economy/work|mzda|工资 [gōngzī]|False|False
chinese|economy/work|továreň|工厂 [gōngchǎng]|False|False
chinese|economy/work|podnik|企业 [qǐyè]|False|False
chinese|economy/work|povolanie|行业 [hángyè]|False|False
chinese|economy/work|priemysel|工业 [gōngyè]|False|False
chinese|economy/work|poľnohospodárstvo|农业 [nóngyè]|False|False
chinese|economy/work|plat (mesačný)|薪水 [xīnshuǐ]|False|False
chinese|economy/work|firma|公司 [gōngsī]|False|False
chinese|economy/work|zamestnať|雇佣 [gùyōng]|False|False
chinese|economy/work|prepustiť|解雇 [jiěgù]|False|False
chinese|economy/work|zamestnávateľ|雇主 [gùzhǔ]|False|False
chinese|economy/work|zamestnanec|雇员 [gùyuán]|False|False
chinese|economy/work|ekonomika|经济 [jīngjì]|False|False
chinese|economy/work|zákazník|顾客 [gùkè]|False|False
chinese|economy/work|výrobok|产品 [chǎnpǐn]|False|False
chinese|economy/work|dovolenka|假期 [jiàqī]|False|False
espanol|psychology/cognitive|pamätať si|acordarse (de)|False|False
espanol|psychology/cognitive|spomenúť si|recordar|False|False
espanol|psychology/cognitive|myslieť|pensar|False|False
espanol|psychology/cognitive|uvažovať|razonar|False|False
espanol|psychology/cognitive|vymyslieť|inventar|False|False
espanol|psychology/cognitive|pamäť|memoria|False|False
espanol|psychology/cognitive|nápad|idea|False|False
espanol|psychology/cognitive|rozum|razón|False|False
espanol|psychology/cognitive|spomienka|recuerdo|False|False
espanol|psychology/cognitive|trest|castigo|False|False
espanol|psychology/cognitive|odmena|premio|False|False
espanol|psychology/cognitive|dôvtip|perspicacia|False|False
espanol|psychology/cognitive|vedieť|saber|False|False
espanol|psychology/cognitive|tušiť|intuir|False|False
espanol|psychology/cognitive|predpokladať|suponer|False|False
espanol|psychology/cognitive|predpokladať|presuponer|False|False
espanol|psychology/cognitive|myslieť si|opinar|False|False
espanol|psychology/cognitive|pochopiť|comprender|False|False
espanol|psychology/cognitive|rozumieť|entender|False|False
espanol|psychology/cognitive|poznať|conocer|False|False
espanol|psychology/cognitive|rozoznať|discernir|False|False
espanol|psychology/cognitive|rozlíšiť|distinguir|False|False
espanol|psychology/cognitive|učiť|enseñar|False|False
espanol|psychology/cognitive|učiť sa|aprender|False|False
espanol|psychology/cognitive|skúmanie|tanteo|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/animalia|medúza|aguamala|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/animalia|slimák|caracol|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/animalia|chobotnica|pulpo|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/animalia|červ|gusano|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/animalia|dažďovka|lombriz|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/animalia|pijavica|sanguijuela|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/animalia|pásomnica|tenia|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|vrtieť|wedeln|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|kolísať|schwanken|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|natiahnuť|ausstrecken + recken|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|podať|reichen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|vliecť|schleppen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|chňapnúť|schnappen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|zachytiť|erwischen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|podoprieť|stützen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|oprieť|lehnen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|dotknúť sa|anrühren|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|dotknúť sa|berühren|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|ukazovať na|deuten (auf)|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|hnať|jagen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|plašiť|scheuchen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|zahnať/odohnať|verscheuchen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|pichať|stechen/sticht/stach/gestochen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|napichnúť|anstechen/sticht/stach/angestochen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|prepichnúť|aufstechen/sticht/stach/aufgestochen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|rezať/strihať|schneiden/schnitt/geschnitten|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|odrezať|abschneiden/schnitt/abgeschnitten|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|rozrezať|aufschneiden/schnitt/aufgeschnitten|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|vyrezať|ausschneiden/schnitt/ausgeschnitten|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|pristrihnúť|verschneiden/verschnitt/verschnitten|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|rozstrihať|zerschneiden/zerschnitt/zerschnitten|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|strihať|scheren|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|šúpať|pellen + schälen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|škrabať|kratzen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|stlačiť|drücken|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|šklbať|zupfen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|vtlačiť|zwängen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|uložiť|verstauen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|zdvihnúť|aufheben/hob/aufgehoben|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|zdvihnúť|heben/hob/gehoben|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|zdvihnúť|erheben/erhob/erhoben|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|nadvihnúť|anheben|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|hrabať|scharren|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|škrabkať|kraulen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|masírovať|massieren|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|plakať|weinen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|vzlykať|schluchzen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|prskať(ústami)|prusten|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|dychčať s vyplazeným jazykom|hecheln|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|objatie|e Umarmung/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|úsmev|s Lächeln|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|tráviť|verdauen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|trávenie|e Verdauung|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|nadúvať|blähen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|sliniť|speicheln + geifern|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|slintať|sabbern|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|hlodať|nagen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|grcať|kotzen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|hlt|r Schluck/e|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|štikútavka|r Schluckauf|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|potiť sa|schwitzen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|vypotiť|ausschwitzen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|prepotiť|verschwitzen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|zažmúriť (oči)|zukneifen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|pot|r Schweiss/e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|zimomriavky|e Gänsehaut|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|dýchať|atmen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|nadýchnuť sa|einatmen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|vydýchnuť|ausatmen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|dýchnuť|hauchen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|dych|r Atem|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|dýchanie|e Atmung|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|nádych|e Einatmung|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|výdych|e Ausatmung|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|triasť sa|beben|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|triasť|rütteln|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|potľapkať|tätscheln|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/pohyb|uchopiť|fassen|True|False
russkiy|nature/movement|pohyb|движе́ние|False|False
russkiy|nature/movement|nosiť|носи́ть|False|False
russkiy|nature/movement|niesť|нести́|False|False
russkiy|nature/movement|preniesť|перенести́|False|True
russkiy|nature/movement|priniesť|принести́|False|True
russkiy|nature/movement|odniesť|отнести́|False|True
russkiy|nature/movement|zaniesť|занести́|False|True
russkiy|nature/movement|naniesť|нанести́|False|True
russkiy|nature/movement|doniesť|донести́|False|True
russkiy|nature/movement|zniesť|снести́|False|True
russkiy|nature/movement|gúľať|ката́ть|False|False
russkiy|nature/movement|krúžiť|кружи́ть|False|False
russkiy|nature/movement|točiť|крути́ть|False|False
russkiy|nature/movement|otáčať|враща́ть|False|False
russkiy|nature/movement|vrtieť|верте́ть|False|False
russkiy|nature/movement|krútiť|крути́ть|False|False
russkiy|nature/movement|hojdať|кача́ть|False|False
russkiy|nature/movement|kolísať|колеба́ть|False|False
russkiy|nature/movement|miešať|меша́ть|False|False
russkiy|nature/movement|kývať sa|шата́ться|False|False
russkiy|nature/movement|strkať|сова́ть|False|False
russkiy|nature/movement|hodiť|бро́сить|False|False
russkiy|nature/movement|ísť|идти́|False|False
russkiy|nature/movement|odísť|уйти́|False|True
russkiy|nature/movement|prísť|прийти́|False|True
russkiy|nature/movement|nájsť|найти́|False|True
russkiy|nature/movement|zísť|сойти́|False|True
russkiy|nature/movement|vyjsť|вы́йти|False|True
russkiy|nature/movement|zájsť|зайти́|False|True
russkiy|nature/movement|ísť|е́хать|False|False
russkiy|nature/movement|prísť|прие́хать|False|True
russkiy|nature/movement|odísť|уе́хать|False|True
russkiy|nature/movement|naraziť|нае́хать|False|True
russkiy|nature/movement|udrieť|уда́рить|False|False
russkiy|nature/movement|biť|бить|False|False
russkiy|nature/movement|vbiť|вбить|False|True
russkiy|nature/movement|tĺcť|колоти́ть|False|False
russkiy|nature/movement|vtĺcť|вколоти́ть|False|True
russkiy|nature/movement|tlačiť|толка́ть|False|False
russkiy|nature/movement|tisnúť|дави́ть|False|False
russkiy|nature/movement|stisnúť|надави́ть|False|True
russkiy|nature/movement|pritisnúť|придави́ть|False|True
russkiy|nature/movement|ťahať|тяну́ть|False|False
russkiy|nature/movement|trieť|тере́ть|False|False
russkiy|nature/movement|kĺzať sa|скользи́ть|False|False
russkiy|nature/movement|miznúť|исчеза́ть|False|False
russkiy|nature/movement|trhať|рвать|False|False
russkiy|nature/movement|roztrhaný|рва́ный|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|žiadať|begehren|True|False
deutsch|human/behavior|žiadosť|s Begehren|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|žiadostivý|begehrlich|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|ľutovať|bedauern|True|False
deutsch|human/behavior|poľutovanie|s Bedauern|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|poľutovaniahodný|bedauerlich|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|správať sa|verhalten/verhält/verhielt/verhalten sich|True|False
deutsch|human/behavior|správanie|s Verhalten|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|vzťah|s Verhältnis/se|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|správať sa|benehmen/benimmt/benahm/benommen sich|True|False
deutsch|human/behavior|správanie|s Benehmen|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|opatrný|vorsichtig|True|False
deutsch|human/behavior|opatrnosť|e Vorsicht|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|smelý|kühn|True|False
deutsch|human/behavior|obozretnosť|e Umsicht|True|False
deutsch|human/behavior|obozretný|umsichtig|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|prezieravosť|r Weitblick|True|False
deutsch|human/behavior|prezieravý|weit blickend|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|nepozorný|achtlos|True|False
deutsch|human/behavior|nepozornosť|e Achtlosigkeit|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|pozorný|aufmerksam|True|False
deutsch|human/behavior|pozorný|achtsam|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|pozornosť|e Achtsamkeit|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|nedbanlivý|schluderig|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|byť nápadný|auffallen/fällt/fiel/aufgefallen|True|False
deutsch|human/behavior|hrubý|grob|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|hrubosť|e Grobheit|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|zlosť|r Groll|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|zlostiť sa|grollen (mit)|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|lesť|e Hinterlist + e Arglist + e List/en|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|ľstivý|hinterlistig + arglistig + hinterhältig|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|prešibaný|abgefeimt|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|dobromyseľný|arglos|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|pomsta|e Rache|True|False
deutsch|human/behavior|pomstiť|rächen|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|pokoj|e Ruhe|True|False
deutsch|human/behavior|pokojný|ruhig|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|nepokojný|unruhig + ruhelos|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|upokojiť|beruhigen|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|znepokojený|beunruhigt (über)|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|utíšiť|beschwichtigen|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|uzmiernenie|e Versöhnung/en|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|pýcha|r Hochmut|True|False
deutsch|human/behavior|pyšný|hochmütig|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|namyslený|übermütig|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|chvastať sa|protzen|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|veľkorysý|grosszügig|True|False
deutsch|human/behavior|ohľad|e Rücksicht/en|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|ohľaduplný|rücksichtsvoll|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|bezohľadný|rücksichtslos|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|ohľaduplnosť|e Rücksichtnahme|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|bezohľadnosť|e Rücksichtslosigkeit|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|samoľúby|süffisant|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|pokrytecký|heuchlerisch|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|sebectvo|e Selbstsucht + e Ichsucht|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|sebecký|selbstsüchtich + ichsüchtig|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|samoľúbosť|e Eigensucht + e Selbstgefälligkeit|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|samoľúby|eigensüchtig + selbstgefällig|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|nezištný|selbstlos|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|nezištnosť|e Selbstlosigkeit|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|podozrivý|verdächtig|True|False
deutsch|human/behavior|podozrievať|verdächtigen|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|podozrenie|r Verdacht + e Verdächtigung|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|podozrievať|argwöhnen|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|podozrievavý|argwöhnisch|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|nedôvera|r Argwohn|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|chvastať sa|prahlen|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|chvastavý|prahlerisch|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|chvastúnstvo|e Prahlerei|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|ohromiť|erstaunen|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|zaraziť|verblüffen|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|potešiť|erfreuen|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|povzbudiť|ermutigen (zu)|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|utešiť|trösten|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|šokovať|schockieren|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|nahnevať|verärgern|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|zmiasť|verwirren|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|zmätený|verwirrt|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|zmätenie|e Verwirrung/en|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|zmätený|verworren|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|útecha|r Trost|True|False
deutsch|human/behavior|trápiť|quälen|True|False
deutsch|human/behavior|nadchnúť|begeistern|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|nadchnutý|begeistert (von)|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|nadchnutie|e Begeisterung/en|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|sklamať|enttäuschen|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|sklamaný|enttäuscht (von)|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|sklamanie|e Enttäuschung/en|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|šok|r Schock/e|True|False
deutsch|human/behavior|šokovaný|schockiert|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|zmätený|abstrus|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|rozrušiť|aufregen|True|False
deutsch|human/behavior|rozrušený|aufgeregt|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|rozrušenie|e Aufregung/en|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|prekvapiť|überraschen|True|False
deutsch|human/behavior|prekvapenie|e Überraschung|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|prekvapený|überrascht|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|prekvapujúci|überraschend|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|zaraziť|verdutzen|True|False
deutsch|human/behavior|zarazený|verdutzt|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|opovrhovať|verachten|True|False
deutsch|human/behavior|opovrhovanie|e Verachtung|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|pohŕdavý|verächtlich|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|ľahostajný|gleichgültig|True|False
deutsch|human/behavior|ľahostajnosť|e Gleichgültigkeit|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|horlivý|eifrig|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|zmätený|verdattert|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|pretvarovať sa|heucheln|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|pokrytectvo|e Heuchelei|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|namyslený|überheblich|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|pohŕdavý|geringschätzig|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|úzkostlivý|bang(e)|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|márnivý|eitel|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|robiť si posmech|lästern (über)|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|chúlostivý|heikel|True|False
deutsch|human/behavior|nutkanie|r Drang/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|human/behavior|obťažovať|belästigen|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|obťažovanie|e Belästigung/en|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|znechutený|überdrüssig|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|protiviť sa|anwidern|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|hnusiť sa|ekeln + anekeln|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|odporný|widerwärtig|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|pociťovať|empfinden/empfand/empfunden|True|False
deutsch|human/behavior|cnieť sa|vermissen|True|False
deutsch|human/behavior|vzdorovitý|aufmüpfig|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|čudácky|spleenig|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|šibalský|schelmisch + neckisch|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|lákať|verlocken|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|lákavý|verlockend|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|poslúchať|gehorchen|True|False
deutsch|human/behavior|afektovanosť|s Getue|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|milosť|e Gnade/n|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|neresť|s Laster|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|motivácia|r Ansporn (zu/für)|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|baviť sa|vergnügen sich|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|potešenie|s Vergnügen|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|zaujatý|interessiert (an)|True|False
deutsch|human/behavior|namosúrený|verbiestert|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|vášnivý|ungestüm|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|líškať sa|anbiedern sich (bei)|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|zvyk|e Sitte/n|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|precitlivený|zimperlich|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|vcítiť sa|einfühlen (in)|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|podporovať|unterstützen|True|False
deutsch|human/behavior|vyčítať|vorhalten/hält/hielt/vorgehalten|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|chváliť|loben|True|False
deutsch|human/behavior|kritizovať|kritisieren|True|False
deutsch|human/behavior|napomínať|ermahnen|True|False
deutsch|human/behavior|karhať|tadeln|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|pokarhanie|e Rüge/n|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|pokarhať|rügen|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|vychvaľovať|rühmen|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|pokarhanie|r Rüffel|False|False
deutsch|human/behavior|výčitka|r Vorwurf/ü-e|True|False
deutsch|human/behavior|vyčítať|vorwerfen/wirft/warf/vorgeworfen|False|True
deutsch|human/behavior|vyčítavý|vorwurfsvoll|False|True
espanol|culture/oblecenie|nosiť|vestir|False|False
espanol|culture/oblecenie|nosiť|traer|False|False
espanol|culture/oblecenie|obliecť sa|ponerse|False|False
espanol|culture/oblecenie|vyobliekať sa|ataviarse|False|False
espanol|culture/oblecenie|maska/kostým|disfraz|False|False
espanol|culture/oblecenie|sukňa|falda|False|False
espanol|culture/oblecenie|nohavice|pantalones|False|False
espanol|culture/oblecenie|rukáv|manga|False|False
espanol|culture/oblecenie|golier|cuello|False|False
espanol|culture/oblecenie|gombík|botón|False|False
espanol|culture/oblecenie|opasok|cinturón|False|False
espanol|culture/oblecenie|zips|cremallera|False|False
espanol|culture/oblecenie|dekolt|escote|False|False
espanol|culture/oblecenie|topánka|zapato|False|False
espanol|culture/oblecenie|čižma|bota|False|False
espanol|culture/oblecenie|ponožka|calcetín|False|False
espanol|culture/oblecenie|šál|bufanda|False|False
espanol|culture/oblecenie|šál|chal|False|False
espanol|culture/oblecenie|čiapka|gorro|False|False
espanol|culture/oblecenie|náhrdelník|collar|False|False
espanol|culture/oblecenie|prsteň|anillo|False|False
espanol|culture/oblecenie|prsteň (lacný)|sortija|False|False
espanol|culture/oblecenie|náušnica|pendiente|False|False
espanol|culture/oblecenie|náramok|pulsera|False|False
espanol|culture/oblecenie|deka|manta|False|False
deutsch|human/courage|hanba|e Schande/n|False|False
deutsch|human/courage|potupa|e Schmach|False|False
deutsch|human/courage|hanblivosť|e Scham + e Schamhaftigkeit|False|False
deutsch|human/courage|hanblivý|verschämt + schamhaft + schamvoll|False|True
deutsch|human/courage|plachosť|e Scheu|False|False
deutsch|human/courage|plachý|scheu|False|True
deutsch|human/courage|strach|e Angst/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|human/courage|ustráchaný|ängstlich|False|True
deutsch|human/courage|bojko|r Angsthase/n|False|True
deutsch|human/courage|obava|e Furcht|True|False
deutsch|human/courage|obava|e Befürchtung/en|False|True
deutsch|human/courage|báť sa|fürchten sich (vor)|False|True
deutsch|human/courage|báť sa o|fürchten sich (für/um)|False|True
deutsch|human/courage|des|r Schreck/e|True|False
deutsch|human/courage|desivý|schrecklich|False|True
deutsch|human/courage|vystrašiť|aufschrecken|False|True
deutsch|human/courage|vyľakať|erschrecken + verschrecken|False|True
deutsch|human/courage|zľaknúť sa|erschrecken/erschrickt/erschrak/erschrocken (vor/über)|False|True
deutsch|human/courage|odstrašiť|abschrecken|False|True
deutsch|human/courage|mať hrôzu z|grauen sich (vor)|False|False
deutsch|human/courage|hrôza|s Grauen + r Gräuel + r Greuel|True|False
deutsch|human/courage|desivý|gruselig|False|False
deutsch|human/courage|hrozný|schaurig|False|False
deutsch|human/courage|hrôza|r Schauder|False|False
deutsch|human/courage|zhroziť sa|erschauern|False|True
deutsch|human/courage|zúfať si|verzweifeln (an)|True|False
deutsch|human/courage|zúfalstvo|e Verzweiflung/en|False|True
deutsch|human/courage|beznádej|e Hoffnungslosigkeit + e Aussichtslosigkeit|False|False
deutsch|human/courage|zdesenie|s Entsetzen|False|False
deutsch|human/courage|nesmelosť|e Schüchternheit/en|False|False
deutsch|human/courage|znepokojenie|e Beunruhigung/en|False|False
deutsch|human/courage|zbabelý|feig + feige|False|False
deutsch|human/courage|zbabelec|r Feigling/e|False|True
deutsch|human/courage|zbabelosť|e Feigheit|False|True
deutsch|human/courage|strachovať sa|bangen (um/vor)|False|False
deutsch|human/courage|vydesiť sa|entsetzen sich|False|False
deutsch|human/courage|znepokojiť|beunruhigen|False|False
deutsch|human/courage|nesmelý|schüchtern|False|False
deutsch|human/courage|zastrašiť|einschüchtern|False|True
deutsch|human/courage|hrozivý|bedrohlich|True|False
deutsch|human/courage|odvaha|r Mut|True|False
deutsch|human/courage|odvážny|mutig|False|True
deutsch|human/courage|guráž|r Mumm|False|False
deutsch|human/courage|smelý|kühn|True|False
deutsch|human/courage|smelosť|e Kühnheit|False|True
deutsch|human/courage|bláznivo smelý|tollkühn|False|True
deutsch|human/courage|opovážlivý|dreist|False|False
deutsch|human/courage|statočný|tapfer|False|False
deutsch|human/courage|statočnosť|e Tapferkeit|False|True
deutsch|human/courage|udatný|beherzt|False|False
deutsch|human/courage|udatnosť|e Beherztheit|False|True
deutsch|human/courage|trúfalý|verwegen|False|False
deutsch|human/courage|trúfalosť|e Verwegenheit|False|True
deutsch|human/courage|nesmelý|zaghaft|True|False
deutsch|human/courage|odvážny čin|s Unterfangen|False|False
deutsch|human/courage|hrdina|r Held/en|True|False
deutsch|human/courage|hrdinský|heldenhaft + heldenmütig|False|True
deutsch|human/courage|hrdinstvo|s Heldentum|False|True
deutsch|human/courage|hrdina|r Recke/n|False|False
deutsch|human/courage|strachopud|r Hasenfuss/ü-e + s Hasenherz|False|False
deutsch|human/courage|odvážiť sa|wagen + trauen sich|True|False
espanol|economy/cloths|záplata|parche|False|False
espanol|economy/cloths|ihla|aguja|False|False
espanol|economy/cloths|niť|hilo|False|False
espanol|economy/cloths|látka|tela|False|False
espanol|economy/cloths|tkanina|tejido|False|False
espanol|economy/cloths|súkno|paño|False|False
espanol|economy/cloths|tkať|tejer|False|False
espanol|economy/cloths|priasť|hilar|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/biologia|larva|e Larve/n + e Made/n|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/biologia|kukla|e Puppe/n|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/biologia|húsenica(motýľ)|e Raupe/n|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/biologia|pandrava(chrúst)|r Engerling/e|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/biologia|ikry|r Rogen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/biologia|žubrienka(žaba)|e Kaulquappe/n|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/biologia|hniezdo|s Nest/er + r Horst/e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/biologia|úľ|r Bienenstock/ö-e|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/biologia|nora|r Bau/e|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/biologia|brloh|e Höhle/n|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/biologia|mravenisko|r Ameisenhaufen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/biologia|termitisko|r Termitenhügel|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/biologia|ruja|e Brunft/ü-e + e Brunst/ü-e|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/život/biologia|párenie sa|e Begattung/en|False|False
espanol|economy/priemysel|továreň|fábrica|False|False
espanol|economy/priemysel|stroj|máquina|False|False
espanol|economy/priemysel|nástroj|instrumento|False|False
espanol|economy/priemysel|prístroj|aparato|False|False
espanol|economy/priemysel|kladka|polea|False|False
espanol|economy/priemysel|váha|báscula|False|False
espanol|economy/priemysel|váhy|balanza|False|False
espanol|economy/priemysel|páka|palanca|False|False
espanol|economy/priemysel|sekera|hacha|False|False
espanol|economy/priemysel|kladivo|martillo|False|False
espanol|economy/priemysel|píla|sierra|False|False
espanol|economy/priemysel|klinec|clavo|False|False
espanol|economy/priemysel|drôt|alambre|False|False
espanol|economy/priemysel|pružina|muelle|False|False
espanol|economy/priemysel|skrutkovač|atornillador|False|False
espanol|economy/priemysel|pánt|bisagra|False|False
espanol|economy/priemysel|vyrobiť|producir|False|False
espanol|economy/priemysel|ťažiť|extraer|False|False
espanol|economy/priemysel|zvárať|soldar|False|False
espanol|economy/priemysel|vŕtať|taladrar|False|False
espanol|economy/priemysel|píliť|aserrar|False|False
espanol|economy/priemysel|skrutkovať|atornillar|False|False
espanol|economy/priemysel|rezať/strihať|cortar|False|False
espanol|economy/priemysel|zložiť|componer|False|False
espanol|economy/priemysel|brúsiť|afilar|False|False
espanol|economy/priemysel|farbiť|teñir|False|False
espanol|economy/priemysel|prederaviť|perforar|False|False
espanol|economy/priemysel|sušiť|secar|False|False
espanol|economy/priemysel|maľovať|pintar|False|False
espanol|economy/priemysel|baňa|mina|False|False
espanol|economy/priemysel|baník|minero|False|False
espanol|economy/priemysel|kováč|herrero|False|False
espanol|economy/priemysel|stolár|carpintero|False|False
espanol|economy/priemysel|elektráreň|central eléctrica|False|False
espanol|economy/priemysel|dlaždica|losa|False|False
espanol|economy/priemysel|strecha|tejado|False|False
espanol|economy/priemysel|komín|chimenea|False|False
espanol|economy/priemysel|plechovka|lata|False|False
espanol|economy/priemysel|alobal|papel de aluminio|False|False
espanol|economy/priemysel|ložisko|cojinete|False|False
russkiy|economy/health|lekár|врач|False|False
russkiy|economy/health|nemocnica|больница|False|False
russkiy|economy/health|liečiť|лечить|False|False
russkiy|economy/health|liek|лекарство|False|False
russkiy|economy/health|choroba|болезнь|False|False
russkiy|economy/health|chrípka|грипп|False|False
russkiy|economy/health|rakovina|рак|False|False
russkiy|economy/health|kiahne|оспа|False|False
russkiy|economy/health|jazva|шрам|False|False
russkiy|economy/health|nádcha|на́сморк|False|False
russkiy|economy/health|okuliare|очки|False|False
russkiy|economy/health|záchodová misa|унитаз|False|False
russkiy|economy/health|mydlo|мыло|False|False
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|strava|e Nahrung|True|False
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|kŕmiť|ernähren + nähren|False|True
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|jesť|essen/isst/ass/gegessen|True|False
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|žrať|fressen/frisst/frass/gefressen|False|True
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|zožrať|auffressen/frisst/frass/aufgefressen|False|True
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|jedlý|essbar|False|True
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|dojesť|aufessen/isst/ass/aufgegessen|False|True
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|prejesť sa|überessen/isst/ass/übergegessen|False|True
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|chutiť|schmecken|True|False
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|ochutnať|kosten|False|False
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|lahodný|köstlich|False|True
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|zjesť|verzehren|False|False
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|hodovať|tafeln|False|False
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|napchávať sa|mampfen|False|False
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|maškrtiť|naschen|False|False
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|chutiť|munden|False|False
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|občerstviť|laben|False|False
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|labužník|r Schlemmer|False|False
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|piť|trinken/trank/getrunken|True|False
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|vypiť|austrinken/trank/ausgetrunken|False|True
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|odpiť|abtrinken/trank/abgetrunken|False|True
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|pripiť si|zutrinken/trank/zugetrunken + trinken/trank/getrunken auf|False|True
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|opiť|betrinken/betrank/betrunken sich|False|True
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|hlad|r Hunger|True|False
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|hladný|hungrig|False|True
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|sýty|satt|True|False
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|smäd|r Durst|True|False
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|smädný|durstig|False|True
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|chutný|lecker|True|False
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|chrumkavý|knusperig|False|False
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|loviť|jagen|True|False
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|uloviť|erjagen|False|True
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|lov|e Jagd/en|False|True
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|lovec|r Jäger|False|True
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|kŕmiť|füttern|True|False
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|vykrmovať|mästen|False|False
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|striehnuť|lauern|False|False
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|vystriehnuť|auflauern|False|True
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|revír|s Gehege|False|False
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|horár|r Förster|True|False
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|táboriť|lagern|True|False
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|korisť|e Beute|True|False
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|návnada|r Köder + r Lockvogel/ö|False|False
deutsch|culture/stravovanie|napchávať sa (jedlom)|futtern|False|False
deutsch|abstract/structure|poriadok|e Ordnung/en|True|False
deutsch|abstract/structure|štruktúra|s Gefüge|False|False
deutsch|abstract/structure|množina|e Menge/n|True|False
deutsch|abstract/structure|podmnožina|e Teilmenge/n + e Untermenge/n|False|False
deutsch|abstract/structure|nadmnožina|e Obermenge/n|False|False
deutsch|abstract/structure|zoznam|e Liste/n|True|False
deutsch|abstract/structure|tabuľka|e Tabelle/n|True|False
deutsch|abstract/structure|postupnosť|e Folge/n|False|False
deutsch|abstract/structure|graf|r Graph/en|False|False
deutsch|abstract/structure|diagram|s Diagramm/e|False|False
deutsch|abstract/structure|dookola|reihum|False|False
espanol|nature/light|farba|color|False|False
espanol|nature/light|zafarbený|teñido|False|False
espanol|nature/light|červená|rojo|False|False
espanol|nature/light|biela|blanco|False|False
espanol|nature/light|čierna|negro|False|False
espanol|nature/light|zelená|verde|False|False
espanol|nature/light|modrá|azul|False|False
espanol|nature/light|hnedá|marrón|False|False
espanol|nature/light|sivá|gris|False|False
espanol|nature/light|fialová|morado|False|False
espanol|nature/light|žltá|amarillo|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/abstrakcia/množina|spojiť|fügen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/abstrakcia/množina|zvyšok|r Rest/e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/abstrakcia/množina|pozostávať z|bestehen/bestand/bestanden (aus)|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/abstrakcia/množina|spojenie|e Kupplung/en|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/abstrakcia/množina|pridať|zugeben/gibt/gab/zugegeben + beigeben/gibt/gab/beigegeben + hinzufügen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/abstrakcia/množina|odobrať|abnehmen/nimmt/nahm/abgenommen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/abstrakcia/množina|zbierať|sammeln|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/šport|športovec|r Sportler|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/šport|rozhodca|r Schiedsrichter|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/šport|futbal|r Fussball|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/šport|tenis|s Tennis|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/šport|basketbal|r Basketball|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/šport|hokej|s Hockey|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/šport|bedminton|r Federball|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/šport|vzpieranie|s Gewichtheben|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/šport|štadión|s Stadion/Stadien|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/šport|telocvičňa|e Turnhalle/n|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/šport|plaváreň|s Schwimmbad/ä-er|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/šport|športovať|Sport treiben|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/šport|cvičiť|üben + turnen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/šport|medajla|e Medaille/n|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/šport|trofej|e Trophäe/n|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/šport|lopta|r Ball|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/šport|puk|r Puck/s|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/šport|pálka/raketa|r Schläger|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/šport|švihadlo|s Sprungseil/e + s Springseil/e|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/šport|činka|e Hantel/n|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/šport|žinenka|e Matte/n|False|False
chinese|culture/politics|štát|国家 [guójiā]|False|False
chinese|culture/politics|parlament|国会 [guóhuì]|False|True
chinese|culture/politics|republika|共和国 [gònghéguó]|False|True
chinese|culture/politics|medzinárodný|国际 [guójì]|False|True
chinese|culture/politics|kráľ|国王 [guówáng]|False|False
chinese|culture/politics|kráľovstvo|王国 [wángguó]|False|True
chinese|culture/politics|princ|王子 [wángzǐ]|False|True
chinese|culture/politics|kráľovná|女王 [nǚwáng]|False|True
chinese|culture/politics|prezident|总统 [zǒngtǒng]|False|False
chinese|culture/politics|premiér|总理 [zǒnglǐ]|False|False
chinese|culture/politics|vládnuť|统治 [tǒngzhì] + 执政 [zhízhèng] + 治理 [zhìlǐ]|False|False
chinese|culture/politics|vláda|政府 [zhèngfǔ]|False|False
chinese|culture/politics|politika|政治 [zhèngzhì]|False|False
chinese|culture/politics|monarch|君主 [jūnzhǔ]|False|False
chinese|culture/politics|aristokracia|贵族 [guìzú]|False|False
chinese|culture/politics|diktatúra|独裁 [dúcái]|False|False
chinese|culture/politics|konfederácia|邦联 [bānglián]|False|False
chinese|culture/politics|ideológia|主义 [zhǔyì]|False|False
chinese|culture/politics|totalita|极权主义 [jíquán zhǔyì]|False|True
chinese|culture/politics|populizmus|民粹主义 [míncuì zhǔyì]|False|True
chinese|culture/politics|socializmus|社会主义 [shèhuì zhǔyì]|False|True
chinese|culture/politics|nacizmus|纳粹主义 [nàcuì zhǔyì]|False|True
chinese|culture/politics|nacionalizmus|民族主义 [mínzú zhǔyì]|False|True
chinese|culture/politics|separatizmus|分离主义 [fēnlí zhǔyì]|False|True
chinese|culture/politics|demokracia|民主主义 [mínzhǔ zhǔyì]|False|True
chinese|culture/politics|terorizmus|恐怖主义 [kǒngbù zhǔyì]|False|True
chinese|culture/politics|rasizmus|种族主义 [zhǒngzú zhǔyì]|False|True
chinese|culture/politics|liberalizmus|自由主义 [zìyóu zhǔyì]|False|True
chinese|culture/politics|kapitalizmus|资本主义 [zīběn zhǔyì]|False|True
chinese|zvierata/hmyz|pavúk|蜘蛛 [zhīzhū]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/hmyz|škorpión|蠍子 [xiēzi]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/hmyz|roztoč|螨虫 [mǎnchóng]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/hmyz|kliešť|蜱虫 [píchóng]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/hmyz|stonožka|蜈蚣 [wúgōng]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/hmyz|kôrovec|甲壳动物 [jiǎqiào dòngwù]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/hmyz|rak|螯虾 [áoxiā]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/hmyz|krab|螃蟹 [pángxiè]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/hmyz|homár|龙虾 [lóngxiā]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/hmyz|garnát|毛虾 [máoxiā]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/hmyz|kreveta|虾 [xiā]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/hmyz|hmyz|昆虫 [kūnchóng]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/hmyz|vážka|蜻蜓 [qīngtíng]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/hmyz|modlivka|螳螂 [tángláng]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/hmyz|šváb|蟑螂 [zhāngláng]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/hmyz|termit|白蚁 [báiyǐ]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/hmyz|ucholak|蠼螋 [qúsōu]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/hmyz|kobylka|蚱蜢 [zhàměng]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/hmyz|svrček|蟋蟀 [xīshuài]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/hmyz|voš|虱 [shī]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/hmyz|ploštica|臭虫 [chòuchóng]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/hmyz|voška|蚜虫 [yáchóng]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/hmyz|chrobák|甲虫 [jiǎchóng]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/hmyz|lienka|瓢虫 [piáochóng]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/hmyz|chrúst|金龟子 [jīnguīzǐ]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/hmyz|blcha|跳蚤 [tiàozǎo]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/hmyz|komár|蚊子 [wénzi]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/hmyz|mucha|苍蝇 [cāngyíng]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/hmyz|motýľ|蝴蝶 [húdié]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/hmyz|mravec|蚂蚁 [mǎyǐ]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/hmyz|včela|蜜蜂 [mìfēng]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/hmyz|osa|黄蜂 [huángfēng] + 马蜂 [mǎfēng]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/hmyz|čmeliak|熊蜂 [xióngfēng]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/hmyz|sršeň|虎頭蜂 [hǔtóufēng]|False|False
espanol|culture/calendar|kalendár|calendario|False|False
espanol|culture/calendar|storočie|siglo|False|False
espanol|culture/calendar|rok|año|False|False
espanol|culture/calendar|mesiac|mes|False|False
espanol|culture/calendar|týždeň|semana|False|False
espanol|culture/calendar|deň|día|False|False
espanol|culture/calendar|hodina|hora|False|False
espanol|culture/calendar|minúta|minuto|False|False
espanol|culture/calendar|január|enero|False|False
espanol|culture/calendar|február|febrero|False|False
espanol|culture/calendar|marec|marzo|False|False
deutsch|nature/energy|energia|e Energie/n|True|False
deutsch|nature/energy|sila|e Stärke/n|True|False
deutsch|nature/energy|odpor|r Widerstand/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|nature/energy|napätie|e Spannung/en|True|False
deutsch|nature/energy|odstredivosť|e Fliehkraft|False|False
deutsch|nature/energy|zotrvačnosť|e Trägheit|False|False
deutsch|nature/energy|silný|stark|True|False
deutsch|nature/energy|slabý|schwach|True|False
deutsch|nature/energy|účinný|wirksam|True|False
deutsch|nature/energy|posilniť|stärken|True|False
deutsch|nature/energy|zosilniť|verstärken|False|False
deutsch|nature/energy|oslabiť|entkräften|False|False
deutsch|nature/energy|pôsobenie|e Wirkung|True|False
deutsch|nature/energy|pôsobiť|wirken|True|False
deutsch|nature/energy|spôsobiť|bewirken|True|False
deutsch|nature/energy|pôsobiť|einwirken (auf)|False|False
deutsch|nature/energy|reagovať|reagieren (auf)|True|False
deutsch|nature/energy|akcia|e Aktion/en|True|False
deutsch|nature/energy|reakcia|e Reaktion/en|True|False
deutsch|nature/energy|nabiť|aufladen/lädt/lud/aufgeladen|False|False
deutsch|nature/energy|vybiť|entladen/entlädt/entlud/entgeladen|False|False
deutsch|nature/energy|náboj|e Ladung/en|False|False
deutsch|nature/energy|nabitie|e Aufladung/en|False|False
deutsch|nature/energy|vybitie|e Entladung/en|False|False
deutsch|nature/energy|teplý|warm|True|False
deutsch|nature/energy|studený|kalt|True|False
deutsch|nature/energy|horúci|heiss|True|False
deutsch|nature/energy|mrazivý|frostig|False|False
deutsch|nature/energy|chladný|eiskalt|False|False
deutsch|nature/energy|vlažný|lau|False|False
deutsch|nature/energy|teplota|e Temperatur/en|True|False
deutsch|nature/energy|horúčava|e Hitze/n|True|False
deutsch|nature/energy|chlad|e Kälte|False|False
deutsch|nature/energy|teplo|e Wärme|False|False
deutsch|nature/energy|var|e Wallung/en|False|False
deutsch|nature/energy|taviť/topiť|schmelzen|False|False
deutsch|nature/energy|roztaviť/roztopiť|zerschmelzen|False|False
deutsch|nature/energy|mrznúť|frieren/fror/gefroren|False|False
deutsch|nature/energy|hriať|wärmen|False|False
deutsch|nature/energy|zmrznúť|erfrieren/erfror/erfroren + gefrieren/gefror/gefroren|False|False
deutsch|life/plant|list|s Blatt/ä-er|True|False
deutsch|life/plant|lístie|s Laub|True|False
deutsch|life/plant|ihličie|e Nadeln|True|False
deutsch|life/plant|koreň|e Wurzel/n|True|False
deutsch|life/plant|kmeň|r Stamm/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|life/plant|konár|r Ast/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|life/plant|vetva|r Zweig/e|True|False
deutsch|life/plant|stonka|r Stängel + r Stiel/e|True|False
deutsch|life/plant|kôra|e Rinde/n|True|False
deutsch|life/plant|vrchol stromu|r Wipfel|False|False
deutsch|life/plant|steblo|r Halm/e|False|False
deutsch|life/plant|hľúza|e Knolle/n|False|False
deutsch|life/plant|živica|s Harz/e|False|False
deutsch|life/plant|puk|e Knospe/n|True|False
deutsch|life/plant|peľ|r Pollen + r Blütenstaub/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|life/plant|kvet|e Blüte/n|True|False
deutsch|life/plant|zrno|s Korn/ö-er|True|False
deutsch|life/plant|šuška|r Zapfen|False|False
deutsch|life/plant|jahňada|s Kätzchen|False|False
deutsch|life/plant|okolík|e Dolde/n|False|False
deutsch|life/plant|klas|e Ähre/n|False|False
deutsch|life/plant|šúľok|r Kolben|False|False
deutsch|life/plant|tyčinka|s Staubblatt/ä-er|False|False
deutsch|life/plant|peľnica|r Staubbeutel|False|False
deutsch|life/plant|nitka|r Staubfaden|False|False
deutsch|life/plant|piestik|r Stempel|False|False
deutsch|life/plant|blizna|e Narbe/n|False|False
deutsch|life/plant|čnelka|r Griffel|False|False
deutsch|life/plant|semenník|r Fruchtknoten|False|False
deutsch|life/plant|kvetné lôžko|r Blütenboden/ö|False|False
deutsch|life/plant|okvetie|e Blütenhülle/n|False|False
deutsch|life/plant|kališný lístok|s Kelchblatt/ä-er|False|False
deutsch|life/plant|korunný lupienok|s Kronblatt/ä-er|False|False
deutsch|life/plant|okvetný lístok|s Blütenblatt/ä-er|False|False
deutsch|life/plant|plod|e Frucht/ü-e|True|False
deutsch|life/plant|bobuľa|e Beere/n|True|False
deutsch|life/plant|kôstka|r Kern/e|True|False
deutsch|life/plant|šupka|e Schale/n|False|False
deutsch|life/plant|strapec|e Traube/n|False|False
deutsch|life/plant|struk|e Hülse/n|False|False
deutsch|life/plant|nažka|e Achäne/n|False|False
russkiy|culture/living|presťahovať sa|переехать|False|False
russkiy|culture/living|život|жизнь|False|False
russkiy|culture/living|žiť|жить|False|False
russkiy|culture/living|smrť|смерть|False|False
russkiy|culture/living|zomrieť|умереть|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/priroda/štruktúrne zmeny|otvoriť|öffnen + aufmachen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/priroda/štruktúrne zmeny|zavrieť|schliessen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/priroda/štruktúrne zmeny|otvorený|offen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/priroda/štruktúrne zmeny|zavretý|geschlossen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/priroda/štruktúrne zmeny|vrstviť|schichten|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/priroda/štruktúrne zmeny|naniesť (vrstvu)|beschichten|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/priroda/štruktúrne zmeny|stuhnúť|erstarren|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/priroda/štruktúrne zmeny|stuhnúť|versteifen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/priroda/štruktúrne zmeny|miešať|mischen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/priroda/štruktúrne zmeny|tlmiť|drosseln|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/priroda/štruktúrne zmeny|natrieť|streichen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/priroda/štruktúrne zmeny|zamiešať|anrühren|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/priroda/štruktúrne zmeny|napichnúť|aufspiessen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/priroda/štruktúrne zmeny|bublať|sprudeln|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/priroda/štruktúrne zmeny|pružiť|federn|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/priroda/štruktúrne zmeny|zviazať|verknüpfen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/priroda/štruktúrne zmeny|viazať|knüpfen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/priroda/štruktúrne zmeny|prach|r Staub|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/priroda/štruktúrne zmeny|prášiť|stauben|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/priroda/štruktúrne zmeny|medzera|e Lücke/n|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/priroda/štruktúrne zmeny|šmuha|e Schliere/n|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/priroda/štruktúrne zmeny|kalný|trüb(e)|False|False
espanol|abstract/poloha|kde|dónde|False|False
espanol|abstract/poloha|odkiaľ|de dónde|False|False
espanol|abstract/poloha|kam|adónde|False|False
espanol|abstract/poloha|sem|aquí|False|False
espanol|abstract/poloha|sem|acá|False|False
espanol|abstract/poloha|tam|ahí|False|False
espanol|abstract/poloha|tam|allí|False|False
espanol|abstract/poloha|z|de|False|False
espanol|abstract/poloha|k|a|False|False
espanol|abstract/poloha|v|en|False|False
espanol|abstract/poloha|nad|sobre|False|False
espanol|abstract/poloha|pod|debajo de|False|False
espanol|abstract/poloha|pri|junto a|False|False
espanol|abstract/poloha|medzi|entre|False|False
espanol|abstract/poloha|oproti|enfrente|False|False
espanol|abstract/poloha|cez|a través de|False|False
espanol|abstract/poloha|blízko|cerca (de)|False|False
espanol|abstract/poloha|vedľa|al lado (de)|False|False
espanol|abstract/poloha|hore|arriba|False|False
espanol|abstract/poloha|dole|abajo|False|False
espanol|abstract/poloha|vľavo|a la izquierda|False|False
espanol|abstract/poloha|vpravo|a la derecha|False|False
espanol|abstract/poloha|rovno|derecho|False|False
espanol|abstract/poloha|pozdĺž|a lo largo|False|False
espanol|abstract/poloha|kedy|cuándo|False|False
espanol|abstract/poloha|vždy|siempre|False|False
espanol|abstract/poloha|nikdy|nunca|False|False
espanol|abstract/poloha|už nikdy|jamás|False|False
espanol|abstract/poloha|teraz|ahora|False|False
espanol|abstract/poloha|práve|ahora mismo|False|False
espanol|abstract/poloha|dnes|hoy|False|False
espanol|abstract/poloha|včera|ayer|False|False
espanol|abstract/poloha|zajtra|mañana|False|False
espanol|abstract/poloha|od|desde|False|False
espanol|abstract/poloha|do|hasta|False|False
espanol|abstract/poloha|predtým|antes (de)|False|False
espanol|abstract/poloha|potom|después (de)|False|False
espanol|abstract/poloha|počas|durante|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/tetrapoda|obojživelník|anfibio|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/tetrapoda|žaba|rana|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/tetrapoda|ropucha|sapo|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/tetrapoda|plaz|reptil|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/tetrapoda|krokodíl|cocodrilo|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/tetrapoda|korytnačka|tortuga|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/tetrapoda|chameleón|camaleón|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/tetrapoda|leguán|iguana|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/tetrapoda|jašterica|lagartija|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/tetrapoda|slepúch|lución|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/tetrapoda|had|serpiente|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/tetrapoda|štrkáč|crótalo|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/tetrapoda|užovka|culebra|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/tetrapoda|vretenica|víbora|False|False
chinese|abstract/importance|základný|基本 [jīběn]|False|False
chinese|abstract/importance|pokročilý|先进 [xiānjìn]|False|False
chinese|abstract/importance|zaujímavý|有趣 [yǒuqù]|False|False
chinese|abstract/importance|nudný|无聊 [wúliáo]|False|False
chinese|abstract/importance|divný|奇怪 [qíguài]|False|False
chinese|abstract/importance|zvláštny|奇异 [qíyì]|False|False
chinese|abstract/importance|motivácia|动机 [dòngjī]|False|False
chinese|abstract/importance|cieľ|目标 [mùbiāo]|False|False
chinese|abstract/importance|význam|意思 [yìsi]|False|False
chinese|abstract/importance|dôvod|理由 [lǐyóu]|False|False
chinese|abstract/importance|príčina|原因 [yuányīn]|False|False
chinese|abstract/importance|dôsledok|后果 [hòuguǒ]|False|False
chinese|abstract/importance|spôsobiť|使 [shǐ]|False|False
chinese|abstract/importance|použiť|使用 [shǐyòng]|False|False
chinese|abstract/importance|užitočný|有用 [yǒuyòng]|False|False
chinese|abstract/importance|zbytočný|无用 [wúyòng]|False|False
chinese|abstract/importance|požiadavka|要求 [yāoqiú]|False|False
chinese|abstract/importance|dôležitý|重要 [zhòngyào]|False|False
chinese|abstract/importance|nutný|必要 [bìyào]|False|False
chinese|abstract/importance|potrebovať|需要 [xūyào]|False|False
chinese|abstract/importance|ponáhľať sa|赶紧 [gǎnjǐn]|False|False
chinese|abstract/importance|podstatný|要紧 [yàojǐn]|False|False
chinese|abstract/importance|nevyhnutný|紧要 [jǐnyào]|False|False
chinese|abstract/importance|urgentný|紧迫 [jǐnpò]|False|False
deutsch|economy/fun|hračka|s Spielzeug|True|False
deutsch|economy/fun|bábika|e Puppe/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/fun|hrkálka|e Rassel/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/fun|hracia karta|e (Spiel)karte/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/fun|eso|s Ass/e|False|False
deutsch|economy/fun|jack|r Bube/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/fun|šach|s Schach/s|True|False
deutsch|economy/fun|šachovnica|s Schachbrett/er|False|False
deutsch|economy/fun|pešiak|r Bauer|False|False
deutsch|economy/fun|strelec|r Läufer|False|False
deutsch|economy/fun|kôň|r Springer|False|False
deutsch|economy/fun|veža|r Turm/ü-e|False|False
deutsch|economy/fun|pohrávať sa|tändeln|False|False
deutsch|culture/politics|štát|r Staat/en|True|False
deutsch|culture/politics|sociálny štát|r Wohlfahrtsstaat|False|True
deutsch|culture/politics|národ|s Volk/ö-er|True|False
deutsch|culture/politics|ľudový|volkstümlich|False|True
deutsch|culture/politics|republika|e Republik/en|True|False
deutsch|culture/politics|úrad|s Amt/ä-er + e Behörde/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/politics|obvod|r Bezirk/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/politics|parlament|s Parlament/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/politics|vláda|e Regierung|True|False
deutsch|culture/politics|minister|r Minister|False|False
deutsch|culture/politics|ministerstvo|s Ministerium/ien|False|False
deutsch|culture/politics|poslanec|r Abgeordnete/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/politics|vyjednávač|r Unterhändler|False|False
deutsch|culture/politics|politika|e Politik/en|True|False
deutsch|culture/politics|politik|r Politiker|False|True
deutsch|culture/politics|politická strana|e Partei/en|True|False
deutsch|culture/politics|starosta|r Bürgermeister|True|False
deutsch|culture/politics|prezident|r Präsident/en|True|False
deutsch|culture/politics|voľby|e Wahl/en|True|False
deutsch|culture/politics|volič|r Wähler|True|False
deutsch|culture/politics|voliť|wählen|True|False
deutsch|culture/politics|vlajka|e Flagge/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/politics|zástava|e Fahne/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/politics|hymna|e Hymne/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/politics|pas|r Pass/ä-e|False|False
deutsch|culture/politics|preukaz|r Ausweis/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/politics|národ|e Nation/en|True|False
deutsch|culture/politics|hranica|e Grenze/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/politics|anektovať|einverleiben|False|False
deutsch|culture/politics|abdikácia|e Abdankung/en|False|False
deutsch|culture/politics|demisia|r Rücktritt/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/politics|odstúpiť|abtreten/tritt/trat/abgetreten|False|False
chinese|živé telo/pohyby|cesta|道路 [dàolù]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/pohyby|vzdialenosť|距离 [jùlí]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/pohyby|bežať|跑步 [pǎobù]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/pohyby|skákať|跳跃 [tiàoyuè]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/pohyby|kľačať|跪 [guì]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/pohyby|šliapať|践踏 [jiàntà]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/pohyby|stúpiť|踩 [cǎi]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/pohyby|padať|跌落 [diēluò]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/pohyby|kopnúť|踢 [tī]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/pohyby|čupieť|蹲 [dūn]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/pohyby|ležať na bruchu|趴 [pā]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/pohyby|prekročiť|跨过 [kuàguò] + 跨越 [kuàyuè]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/pohyby|vystopovať|跟踪 [gēnzōng]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/pohyby|stopovať|追踪 [zhuīzōng]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/pohyby|kráčať|步行 [bùxíng]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/pohyby|plaziť sa|爬行 [páxíng]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/pohyby|šplhať sa|爬 [pá]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/pohyby|plávať|游泳 [yóuyǒng]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/pohyby|potknúť sa|绊倒 [bàndào]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/pohyby|stáť|站立 [zhànlì]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/pohyby|sedieť|坐 [zuò]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/pohyby|ležať|躺 [tǎng]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/pohyby|hladkať|抚摸 [fǔmō]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/pohyby|udrieť|打 [dǎ]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/pohyby|úder|打击 [dǎjī]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/pohyby|plesnúť|拍 [pāi] + 拍打 [pāidǎ]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/pohyby|niesť|提 [tí]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/pohyby|pustiť|掉 [diào]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/pohyby|hodiť|投 [tóu]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/pohyby|stlačiť|按 [àn]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/pohyby|tlačiť|推动 [tuīdòng]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/pohyby|chytiť/zviazať|接 [jiē]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/pohyby|kopnúť|踢 [tī]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/pohyby|dupať|跺脚 [duòjiǎo]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/pohyby|facka|耳光 [ěrguāng]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/pohyby|hrýzť|咬 [yǎo]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/pohyby|lízať|舔 [tiǎn]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/pohyby|chytiť|抓 [zhuā]|False|False
chinese|živé telo/pohyby|uchopiť|抓紧 [zhuājǐn]|False|False
deutsch|economy/school|škola|e Schule/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/school|školiť|schulen|False|True
deutsch|economy/school|žiak|r Schüler|False|True
deutsch|economy/school|spolužiak|r Mitschüler|False|True
deutsch|economy/school|vysoká škola|e Hochschule/n|False|True
deutsch|economy/school|učilište|e Berufsschule/n|False|True
deutsch|economy/school|škôlka|r Kindergarten/ä|True|False
deutsch|economy/school|vzdelanie|e Ausbildung|True|False
deutsch|economy/school|vzdelanie|e Bildung|False|True
deutsch|economy/school|vzdelaný|ausgebildet|False|True
deutsch|economy/school|vyškoliť|ausbilden (zu) + bilden|False|True
deutsch|economy/school|ďalej vzdelávať|fortbilden (in) + weiterbilden|False|True
deutsch|economy/school|trieda|e Klasse/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/school|písomka|e Klassenarbeit/en|False|True
deutsch|economy/school|domáca úloha|e Hausaufgabe/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/school|úloha|e Aufgabe/n|False|True
deutsch|economy/school|skúšať|prüfen|True|False
deutsch|economy/school|preveriť|überprüfen|False|True
deutsch|economy/school|skúška|e Prüfung/en|False|True
deutsch|economy/school|vysvedčenie|s Zeugnis/se|True|False
deutsch|economy/school|maturita|s Abitur|True|False
deutsch|economy/school|učiť|lehren|True|False
deutsch|economy/school|učiteľ|r Lehrer|False|True
deutsch|economy/school|učebnica|s Lehrbuch/ü-er|False|True
deutsch|economy/school|kurz|r Lehrgang/ä-e|False|True
deutsch|economy/school|vyučovací predmet|s Lehrfach/ä-er|False|True
deutsch|economy/school|učiť sa|lernen|True|False
deutsch|economy/school|študent|r Lerner|False|True
deutsch|economy/school|vyučovať|unterrichten|True|False
deutsch|economy/school|vyučovanie|r Unterricht|False|True
deutsch|economy/school|študovať|studieren|True|False
deutsch|economy/school|študent|r Student/en|False|True
deutsch|economy/school|štúdia|e Studie/n|False|True
deutsch|economy/school|profesor|r Professor/en|False|False
deutsch|economy/school|riaditeľ|r Rektor/en|False|False
deutsch|economy/school|učeň|r Azubi/s|False|False
deutsch|economy/school|fakulta|e Fakultät/en|False|False
deutsch|economy/school|univerzita|e Universität/en|False|False
deutsch|economy/school|čítanka|s Lesebuch/ü-er|False|False
deutsch|economy/school|krieda|e Kreide/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/school|tabuľa|e Tafel/n|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/communication|jazyk|语 [yǔ]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/communication|informácia|资讯 [zīxùn]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/communication|interview|采访 [cǎifǎng]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/communication|sľub|诺言 [nuòyán]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/communication|sľúbiť|许诺 [xǔnuò]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/communication|vyvrátiť|反驳 [fǎnbó]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/communication|povedať|说 [shuō]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/communication|reč|说话 [shuōhuà]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/communication|hovoriť|谈 [tán]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/communication|konverzovať|交谈 [jiāotán]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/communication|rozprávať|讲 [jiǎng]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/communication|diskutovať|讨论 [tǎolùn]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/communication|komentovať|评论 [pínglùn]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/communication|kritizovať|批评 [pīpíng]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/communication|oznámiť|告诉 [gàosu]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/communication|varovať|告诫 [gàojiè]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/communication|navrhnúť|建议 [jiànyì]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/communication|spýtať sa|问 [wèn]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/communication|otázka|问题 [wèntí]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/communication|pýtať sa|询问 [xúnwèn]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/communication|vypytovať sa|查询 [cháxún]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/communication|prosiť|请 [qǐng]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/communication|žiadosť|请求 [qǐngqiú]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/communication|dovoliť|让 [ràng]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/communication|povoliť|允许 [yǔnxǔ]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/communication|uznať|承认 [chéngrèn]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/communication|sťažovať sa|投诉 [tóusù]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/communication|dokázať|证明 [zhèngmíng]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/communication|odpustiť|原谅 [yuánliàng]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/communication|prijať|接受 [jiēshòu]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/communication|úprimný|真诚 [zhēnchéng]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/communication|čestný|诚实 [chéngshí]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/communication|klamať|说谎 [shuōhuǎng]|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/communication|klamstvo|谎话 [huǎnghuà]|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|tichý|still + leise|True|False
deutsch|nature/sound|hlučný|laut|True|False
deutsch|nature/sound|zvukotesný|schalldicht|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|zvučný|klangvoll + schallend|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|ohlušujúci|ohrenbetäubend|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|ticho|e Stille|True|False
deutsch|nature/sound|hluk|r Lärm|True|False
deutsch|nature/sound|rachot|s Getöse|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|rámus|r Radau|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|rámus|r Rabatz|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|šum|s Geräusch/e|True|False
deutsch|nature/sound|revanie|s Gebrüll|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|šuškanie|s Getuschel|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|zvuk|r Schall|True|False
deutsch|nature/sound|tón|r Klang/ä-e + r Ton/ö-e|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|ozvena|s Echo/s + r Widerhall/e|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|hlasitosť|e Lautstärke/n + e Lautheit|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|hučať|lärmen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|stonať|ächzen + stöhnen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|ston|s Stöhnen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|vzdychať|seufzen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|vzdych|r Seufzer|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|nariekať|jammern|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|nárek|r Jammer|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|bedákať|klagen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|bedákanie|e Klage|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|vzlykať|wimmern|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|výkrik|r Schrei|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|kričať|schreien/schrie/geschrien|True|False
deutsch|nature/sound|vykríknuť|aufschreien/schrie/aufgeschrien|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|hašteriť sa|keifen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|zadŕhať sa|verhaspeln sich|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|mrmlať|brummen + murmeln|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|rachotiť|rumpeln + grollen + rasseln|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|dunieť|dröhnen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|šuchotať|rascheln|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|šušťať|säuseln|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|šumieť|rauschen + sausen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|vŕzgať|knarren + knirren|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|škrípať|knirschen + quietschen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|pišťať|fiepen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|klepotať|klappern|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|búšiť|pochen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|tresnúť|knallen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|cvaknúť|klicken|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|klepnúť|klappen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|plesknúť|klacken|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|čľapotať sa|patschen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|chrčať|röcheln|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|hučať|schwirren + brausen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|pípať|piepen + piepsen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|bľabotať|babbeln + lallen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|bľabotať|brabbeln|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|praskať|knistern + knacksen + krachen + prasseln|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|bzučať|summen + surren + hummen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|syčať|zischen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|kvákať|quaken|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|kotkodákať|gackern|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|hrkútať|girren + gurren|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|krákať|krächzen + krähen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|škriekať|kreischen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|gágať|schnattern|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|cvrlikať|zirpen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|čvirikať|zwitschern|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|brechať|bellen + blaffen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|štekať|kläffen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|priasť|schnurren|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|zavýjať|heulen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|skučať|jaulen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|vrčať|knurren|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|kňučať|winseln|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|fňukať|quengeln|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|revať|brüllen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|krochkať|grunzen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|erdžať|wiehern|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|bľačať|blöken|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|mučať|meckern|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|bučať|muhen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|hvízdať|flöten|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|prskať|fauchen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|kašľať|husten|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|odkašľať si|räuspern sich|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|pokašliavať|hüsteln|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|škŕkať v bruchu|knurren + gluckern|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|chrúmať|knuspern|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|kýchať|niesen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|grgať|rülpsen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|sŕkať|schlürfen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|mľaskať|schmatzen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|chrápať|schnarchen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|smrkať|schnäuzen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|prdnúť|furzen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|hučať|gellen + tosen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|šeptať|wispern|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|šepkať|flüstern|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|šuškať|munkeln + tuscheln + raunen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|hulákať|grölen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|šomrať|nörgeln|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|chichotať sa|kichern|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|jačať|plärren + zetern|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|koktať|stottern|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|šušlať|zischeln + lispeln|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|skomoliť|verballhornen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|trúbiť|hupen + tuten|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|tlieskať|klatschen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|brnkať|klimpern|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|zvoniť|klingen/klang/geklungen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|zvonček|e Klingel/n|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|zvoniť|klingeln|False|True
deutsch|nature/sound|štrngať|klirren|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|klopať|klopfen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|pískať|pfeifen/pfiff/gepfiffen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|cengať|schellen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|bublať|blubbern|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|klokotať|brodeln|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|žblnkať|gluckern|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|špliechať|platschen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|zurčať|plätschern|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|čľupnúť|plumpsen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|reptať|murren|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|drnčať|tuckern|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|dychčať|keuchen + schnaufen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|hrkotať|holpern|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|výskať|jauchzen + johlen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|prašťať|knattern|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|plieskať|patschen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|pukať|platzen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|búchať|poltern|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|vrešťať|quäken + quarren|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|tárať|quatschen|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|fučať|schnauben|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|jachtať|stammeln|False|False
deutsch|nature/sound|tikať|ticken|False|False
espanol|frazy|mirar a/pensar en las musarañas|hľadieť do prázdna|False|False
espanol|frazy|mirar de soslayo|pozerať sa po očku|False|False
espanol|frazy|salir/quedar airoso|uspieť|False|False
espanol|frazy|quedarse para vestir santos|zostať na ocot|False|False
espanol|frazy|érase una vez|kde bolo tam bolo|False|False
espanol|frazy|en torno a|ohľadom|False|False
espanol|frazy|sin embargo|napriek tomu|False|False
espanol|frazy|la flor y nata|elita|False|False
espanol|frazy|en vez de|namiesto|False|False
espanol|frazy|de tal palo tal astilla|jablko nepadá ďaleko od stromu|False|False
espanol|frazy|tomar el pelo|uťahovať si z niekoho|False|False
espanol|frazy|ser pan comido|byť jednoduché|False|False
espanol|frazy|de perros|pod psa = mizerný|False|False
espanol|frazy|echar agua el mar|hádzať hrach o stenu|False|False
espanol|frazy|en cueros|nahý|False|False
deutsch|human/power|vplyv|r Einfluss/ü-e (auf)|True|False
deutsch|human/power|ovplyvniť|beeinflussen|False|True
deutsch|human/power|vplyvný|einflussreich|False|True
deutsch|human/power|moc|e Macht/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|human/power|mocný|mächtig|False|True
deutsch|human/power|viesť|führen + leiten|True|False
deutsch|human/power|ovplyvňovať|prägen|True|False
deutsch|human/power|omámiť|berauschen|False|False
deutsch|human/power|zodpovednosť|e Verantwortung/en|True|False
deutsch|human/power|skúsený|erfahren|True|False
deutsch|human/power|skúsenosť|e Erfahrung/en|False|True
russkiy|economy/gastro|variť|вари́ть|False|False
russkiy|economy/gastro|piecť|печь|False|False
russkiy|economy/gastro|kuchár|по́вар|False|False
russkiy|economy/gastro|tanier|таре́лка|False|False
russkiy|economy/gastro|pohár|стака́н|False|False
russkiy|economy/gastro|vidlička|ви́лка|False|False
russkiy|economy/gastro|lyžica|ло́жка|False|False
russkiy|economy/gastro|nôž|нож|False|False
russkiy|economy/gastro|hrniec|кастрю́ля|False|False
russkiy|economy/gastro|panvica|сковорода́|False|False
russkiy|economy/gastro|misa|ми́ска|False|False
deutsch|phrases|to ti môžem odprisahať|das kann ich dir flüstern|False|False
deutsch|phrases|už len to chýbalo!|auch das noch!|False|False
deutsch|phrases|je najvyšší čas|es ist höchste Eisenbahn|False|False
deutsch|phrases|úspešne dokončiť|unter Dach und Fach|False|False
deutsch|phrases|a to je čo povedať|und das will was heissen|False|False
deutsch|phrases|podvádzať|übers Ohr hauen|False|False
deutsch|phrases|drzý ako opica|frech wie Dreck|False|False
deutsch|phrases|mať maslo na hlave|Dreck am Stecken haben|False|False
deutsch|phrases|s ním nie sú žarty|mit ihm ist nicht gut Kirschen essen|False|False
deutsch|phrases|ešte nie je všetkým dňom koniec|es ist noch nicht aller Tage Aben|False|False
deutsch|phrases|ide do tuhého|es geht hart auf hart|False|False
deutsch|phrases|robiť z komára somára|aus einer Mücke einen Elefanten machen|False|False
deutsch|phrases|cítiť nebezpečenstvo|Lunte riechen|False|False
deutsch|phrases|zhodnúť sa|auf einen Nenner kommen|False|False
deutsch|phrases|mať plné zuby|Nase voll haben|False|False
deutsch|phrases|príliš riešiť detaily|Haare spalten|False|False
deutsch|phrases|urobiť capa záhradníkom|den Bock zum Gärtner machen|False|False
deutsch|phrases|nenechať sa znechutiť|es sich nicht verdriessen lassen|False|False
deutsch|phrases|úplne|über und über|False|False
deutsch|phrases|nevidieť niečo úplne očividné|Tomaten auf den Augen haben|False|False
deutsch|phrases|vôbec tomu nerozumieť|nur Bahnhof verstehen|False|False
deutsch|phrases|chodiť okolo horúcej kaše|um den heissen Brei herumreden|False|False
deutsch|phrases|na to môžeš vziať jed|darauf kannst du Gift nehmen|False|False
deutsch|phrases|robiť zo seba hlupáka|sich zum Affen machen|False|False
deutsch|phrases|zabiť dve muchy jednou ranou|zwei Fliegen mit einer Klappe schlagen|False|False
deutsch|phrases|trafiť klinec po hlavičke|den Nagel auf den Kopf treffen|False|False
deutsch|phrases|ísť na dračku|weggehen wie warme Semmeln|False|False
deutsch|phrases|musieť sa do všetkého miešať|seinen Senf dazugeben|False|False
deutsch|phrases|jasný ako facka|klar wie Klossbrühe|False|False
deutsch|phrases|voňať fialky odspodu|Radieschen von unten ansehen/betrachten|False|False
deutsch|phrases|je mi to fuk|das ist mir Wurst|False|False
deutsch|phrases|hojne|in Hülle und Fülle|False|False
deutsch|phrases|trepať dve na tri|aus einem hohlen Hafen reden|False|False
deutsch|phrases|prekĺznuť pomedzi prsty|durch die Lappen gehen|False|False
deutsch|phrases|do čerta|zum Kuckuck|False|False
deutsch|phrases|dávne časy|Schnee von gestern|False|False
deutsch|phrases|v zápale boja|im Eifer des Gefechts|False|False
deutsch|phrases|zbiehajú sa slinky|läuft das Wasser im Mund zusammen|False|False
deutsch|phrases|nesiahať ani po členky|das Wasser nicht reichen können|False|False
deutsch|phrases|až naprší a uschne|wenn Ostern und Pfingsten auf einen Tag fallen|False|False
deutsch|phrases|kúpiť mačku vo vreci|die Katze im Sack kaufen|False|False
deutsch|phrases|byť nanič|für die Katz sein|False|False
deutsch|phrases|chtiac-nechtiac|wohl oder übel|False|False
deutsch|phrases|lichotiť|nach dem Mund reden|False|False
deutsch|phrases|čeliť niečomu|die Stirn bieten|False|False
deutsch|phrases|chopiť sa príležitosti|die Gunst der Stunde nutzen|False|False
deutsch|phrases|nasadiť chrobáka do hlavy|einen Floh ins Ohr setzen|False|False
deutsch|phrases|spať ako zabitý|wie ein Murmeltier schlafen|False|False
deutsch|phrases|mať šťastie|Schwein haben|False|False
deutsch|phrases|byť v peknej kaši|in der Tinte sitzen|False|False
deutsch|phrases|byť jasné ako facka|klar wie dicke Tinte sein|False|False
deutsch|phrases|smiať sa popod fúzy|sich ins Fäustchen lachen|False|False
deutsch|phrases|mať sa na pozore|auf der Hut sein|False|False
deutsch|phrases|to nie je moja starosť|das ist nicht mein Bier|False|False
deutsch|phrases|byť v háji|im Eimer sein|False|False
deutsch|phrases|mať svoje muchy|seine Mucken haben|False|False
deutsch|phrases|bez vyhováranie|ohne Wenn und Aber|False|False
deutsch|phrases|mať niečo v hlave|Grütze im Kopf haben|False|False
deutsch|phrases|mať ešte niečo v zálohe|noch einen Pfeil im Köcher haben|False|False
deutsch|phrases|nemať ani potuchy|keinen blassen Dunst haben (von)|False|False
deutsch|phrases|strápniť sa|ins Fettnäpfchen treten|False|False
deutsch|phrases|riadne vyhrešiť|Standpauke halten|False|False
deutsch|phrases|mať neľahkú úlohu|die Qual der Wahl haben|False|False
deutsch|phrases|ako sa patrí|nach Strich und Faden|False|False
deutsch|phrases|držať jazyk za zubami|Zunge im Zaum halten|False|False
deutsch|phrases|vodiť za nos|hinter die Fichte führen|False|False
deutsch|phrases|byť nemožné|zum Mäusemelken sein|False|False
deutsch|phrases|tvrdý oriešok|ein harter Brocken|False|False
deutsch|phrases|niečo dávno známe|alte Kamellen|False|False
deutsch|phrases|stáť veľa síl|viel Schmalz kosten|False|False
deutsch|phrases|mimo kontrolu|ausser Rand und Band|False|False
deutsch|phrases|byť jedno|schnurz sein|False|False
deutsch|phrases|utiecť|sich aus dem Staub machen|False|False
deutsch|phrases|celú noc nespať|sich die Nacht um die Ohren schlagen|False|False
espanol|psychology/plán|plánovať|planificar|False|False
espanol|psychology/plán|usilovať sa|pretender|False|False
espanol|psychology/plán|pokúsiť sa|intentar|False|False
espanol|psychology/plán|snažiť sa|esforzarse (en/por)|False|False
espanol|psychology/plán|dokázať|lograr|False|False
espanol|psychology/plán|dosiahnuť|alcanzar|False|False
espanol|psychology/plán|zlyhať|fracasar|False|False
espanol|psychology/plán|pokročiť|avanzar|False|False
espanol|psychology/plán|prekonať|superar|False|False
espanol|psychology/plán|stagnovať|estancarse|False|False
espanol|psychology/plán|úmysel|intención|False|False
espanol|psychology/plán|pokrok|avance|False|False
espanol|psychology/plán|snaha|afán|False|False
espanol|psychology/plán|námaha|esfuerzo|False|False
espanol|psychology/plán|úspech|éxito|False|False
espanol|psychology/plán|neúspech|fracaso|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/presuny|ísť|gehen/ging/gegangen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/presuny|vôjsť|eingehen/ging/eingegangen|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/presuny|vyjsť|ausgehen/ging/ausgegangen|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/presuny|odísť|abgehen/ging/abgegangen|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/presuny|obísť|umgehen/umging/umgangen|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/presuny|prejsť|durchgehen/ging/durchgegangen|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/presuny|ísť preč|weggehen/ging/weggegangen|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/presuny|ísť ďalej|fortgehen/ging/fortgegangen|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/presuny|uniknúť|entgehen/entging/entgangen|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/presuny|prísť|kommen/kam/gekommen + ankommen/kam/angekommen + eintreffen/trifft/traf/eingetroffen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/presuny|prísť spolu|mitkommen/kam/mitgekommen|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/presuny|ujsť|entkommen/entkam/entkommen|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/presuny|opustiť|verlassen/verlässt/verliess/verlassen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/presuny|vrátiť sa|zurückkommen/kam/zurückgekommen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/presuny|vstúpiť|betreten/betritt/betrat/betreten + eintreten/tritt/trat/eingetreten|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/presuny|zostať|bleiben|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/presuny|utiecť|fliehen/floh/geflohen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/presuny|utiecť|entfliehen/entfloh/entflohen (aus)|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/presuny|uniknúť|entwischen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/presuny|chytiť|fangen/fängt/fing/gefangen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/presuny|zachytiť|auffangen/fängt/fing/aufgefangen|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/presuny|chytiť|einfangen/fängt/fing/eingefangen|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/presuny|prichytiť|erwischen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/presuny|objaviť sa|erscheinen/erschien/erschienen + auftauchen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/presuny|miznúť|schwinden/schwand/geschwunden|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/presuny|zmiznúť|verschwinden/verschwand/verschwunden|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/presuny|príchod|e Ankunft/ü-e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/presuny|odchod|r Abgang/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/presuny|útek|e Flucht|True|False
espanol|culture/právo|advokát|abogado|False|False
espanol|culture/právo|právnik|jurista|False|False
espanol|culture/právo|sudca|juez|False|False
espanol|culture/právo|porota|jurado|False|False
espanol|culture/právo|väzeň|prisionero|False|False
espanol|culture/právo|svedok|testigo|False|False
espanol|culture/právo|páchateľ|perpetrador|False|False
espanol|culture/právo|súd|juzgado|False|False
espanol|culture/právo|zákon|ley|False|False
espanol|culture/právo|zmluva|contrato|False|False
espanol|culture/právo|trest|pena|False|False
espanol|culture/právo|trest smrti|pena capital|False|False
espanol|culture/právo|spravodlivosť|justicia|False|False
espanol|culture/právo|rozsudok|sentencia|False|False
espanol|culture/právo|vina|culpa|False|False
espanol|culture/právo|väzenie|cárcel|False|False
espanol|culture/právo|väzenie|prisión|False|False
espanol|culture/právo|žaloba|demanda|False|False
espanol|culture/právo|žaloba (trestná)|querella (contra)|False|False
espanol|culture/právo|spravodlivý|justo|False|False
espanol|culture/právo|podozrivý|sospechoso|False|False
espanol|culture/právo|vinný|culpable|False|False
espanol|culture/právo|súdiť|juzgar (a)|False|False
espanol|culture/právo|odsúdiť|condenar (a)|False|False
espanol|culture/právo|obviniť|acusar (a)|False|False
espanol|culture/právo|obhajovať|abogar (por)|False|False
espanol|culture/právo|únos|secuestro + rapto|False|False
espanol|culture/právo|mučenie|suplicio|False|False
espanol|culture/právo|krádež|robo|False|False
espanol|culture/právo|vražda|asesinato|False|False
espanol|culture/právo|úplatok|soborno|False|False
espanol|culture/právo|zločinec|criminal|False|False
espanol|culture/právo|zlodej|ladrón|False|False
espanol|culture/právo|vrah|asesino|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|vtákopysk|ornitorrinco|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|mravčiar|oso hormiguero|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|slon|elefante|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|jež|erizo|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|netopier|murciélago|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|krt|topo|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|veverička|ardilla|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|bobor|castor|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|svišť|marmota|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|dikobraz|puerco espín|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|myš|ratón|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|králik|conejo|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|zajac|liebre|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|opica|mono|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|pavián|babuino|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|pavián|papión|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|somár|asno|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|kôň|caballo|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|nosorožec|rinoceronte|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|ťava|camello|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|hroch|hipopótamo|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|diviak|jabalí|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|veľryba|ballena|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|kosatka|orca|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|žirafa|jirafa|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|los|alce|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|jeleň|ciervo|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|sob|reno|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|byvol|búfalo|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|koza|cabra|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|kamzík|gamuza|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|ovca|oveja|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|tuleň|foca|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|mrož|morsa|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|lasica|comadreja|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|kuna|marta|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|vydra|nutria|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|jazvec|tejón|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|mačka|gato|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|gepard|guepardo|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|hyena|hiena|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|lev|león|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|rys|lince|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|tiger|tigre|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|vlk|lobo|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|medveď|oso|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/mammalia|líška|zorro|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/cestovanie|túlať sa|schweifen + strolchen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/cestovanie|flákať sa|bummeln + gammeln|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/cestovanie|stratiť sa|verfahren/verfährt/verfuhr/verfahren sich|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/cestovanie|zablúdiť|verlaufen/verläuft/verlief/verlaufen (sich)|False|False
deutsch|change/change|zmena|e Änderung/en|True|False
deutsch|change/change|premena|e Verwandlung/en + e Umwandlung/en|False|False
deutsch|change/change|pozmenenie|e Abwandlung/en|False|False
deutsch|change/change|vznik|e Entstehung/en|True|False
deutsch|change/change|zánik|r Untergang/ä-e|False|False
deutsch|change/change|tvorba|e Schaffung + e Bildung/en|False|False
deutsch|change/change|stvorenie|e Erschaffung|False|False
deutsch|change/change|zničenie|e Vernichtung/en + e Zerstörung/en|False|False
deutsch|change/change|spôsobiť|verursachen|False|False
deutsch|change/change|meniť|verändern + ändern|True|False
deutsch|change/change|zmeniť|wandeln|False|False
deutsch|change/change|premeniť|verwandeln + umwandeln|False|True
deutsch|change/change|pozmeniť|abwandeln|False|True
deutsch|change/change|vzniknúť|entstehen/entstand/entstanden|True|False
deutsch|change/change|zaniknúť|untergehen/ging/untergegangen|False|False
deutsch|change/change|tvoriť|schaffen + bilden|True|False
deutsch|change/change|stvoriť|erschaffen|False|False
deutsch|change/change|vytvoriť|kreieren|False|False
deutsch|change/change|zničiť|vernichten + zerstören|True|False
deutsch|change/change|reagovať|reagieren (auf)|False|False
deutsch|change/change|spustošiť|verheeren|False|False
deutsch|change/change|zodrať|abtreten/tritt/trat/abgetreten|False|False
deutsch|change/change|pokazený|kaputt|True|False
deutsch|change/change|opraviť|reparieren|True|False
deutsch|change/change|odstrániť|entfernen|True|False
deutsch|change/change|napraviť (chybu)|beheben/behob/behoben|False|False
deutsch|change/change|prospievať|gedeihen/gedieh/gediehen|False|False
deutsch|change/change|upadať|verfallen/verfällt/verfiel/verfallen|False|False
deutsch|change/change|rozpadať sa|zerfallen/zerfällt/zerfiel/zerfallen|False|False
deutsch|change/change|upadnúť (spustnúť)|verlottern|False|False
deutsch|change/change|skaziť sa|verkommen/verkam/verkommen|False|False
deutsch|change/change|zlepšiť|verbessern|False|False
deutsch|change/change|zhoršiť|verschlimmern|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|úsmev|sonrisa|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|smiať sa|reírse|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|veselý|alegre|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|smutný|triste|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|šťastný|feliz|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|zúfalý|desesperado|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|nadšený|entusiasta (de)|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|pobúrený|indignado|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|dráždiť|exasperar|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|provokovať|provocar|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|rozhnevať|irritar|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|nahnevať|enojar|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|nahnevať|enfadar|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|rozrušiť|emocionar|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|zúrivý|furioso|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|rozčúlený|enfadado|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|hnev|enojo|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|nahnevaný|enojado|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|strach|miedo|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|báť sa|temer|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|odvaha|coraje|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|povzbudiť|animar|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|pomsta|venganza|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|pomstiť sa|vengarse|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|zdvorilý|cortés|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|zdvorilosť|cortesía|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|ohľaduplný|respetuoso|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|sebecký|egoísta|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|súcitiť|compadecer|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|súcit|compasión|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|súcitný (hacia)|compasivo|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|závidieť|envidiar|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|závisť|envidia|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|závistlivý|envidioso|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|žiarlivosť|celos|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|žiarlivý|celoso|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|namyslenosť|presunción|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|namyslený|presumido|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|ľutovať|lamentar|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|túžiť|anhelar|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|odvážiť sa|osar|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|ponížiť|humillar|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|zradiť|traicionar|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|zrada|traición|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|klamstvo|mentira|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|klamať|mentir|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|oklamať|engañar|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|sklamať|decepcionar|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|prisahať|jurar|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|hanblivý|vergonzoso|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|zbabelý|cobarde|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|drzý|descarado|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|naivný|ingenuo|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|naivita|ingenuidad|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|tvrdohlavý|testarudo|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|trpezlivý|paciente|False|False
espanol|life/správanie|ctižiadostivý|ambicioso|False|False
espanol|psychology/responsibility|umožňiť|propiciar|False|False
espanol|psychology/responsibility|znemožniť|impedir|False|False
espanol|psychology/responsibility|povoliť|permitir|False|False
espanol|psychology/responsibility|zakázať|prohibir|False|False
espanol|psychology/responsibility|prikázať|ordenar|False|False
espanol|psychology/responsibility|nariadiť|mandar|False|False
espanol|psychology/responsibility|nútiť|obligar|False|False
espanol|psychology/responsibility|prijať|aceptar|False|False
espanol|psychology/responsibility|schváliť|aprobar|False|False
espanol|psychology/responsibility|odmietnuť|rechazar|False|False
espanol|psychology/responsibility|zamietnuť|negar|False|False
espanol|psychology/responsibility|zrušiť|cancelar|False|False
espanol|psychology/responsibility|môcť|poder|False|False
espanol|psychology/responsibility|musieť|tener que|False|False
espanol|psychology/responsibility|poslúchať|obedecer|False|False
espanol|psychology/responsibility|priať si|desear|False|False
espanol|psychology/responsibility|potrebovať|necesitar|False|False
espanol|psychology/responsibility|požadovať|exigir|False|False
espanol|psychology/responsibility|zákaz|prohibición|False|False
espanol|psychology/responsibility|rozkaz|mandato|False|False
espanol|psychology/responsibility|príkaz|orden|False|False
espanol|psychology/responsibility|povinnosť|obligación|False|False
espanol|psychology/responsibility|právo|derecho|False|False
espanol|psychology/responsibility|zodpovednosť|responsabilidad|False|False
espanol|psychology/responsibility|prianie|deseo|False|False
espanol|psychology/responsibility|dovolený|permitido|False|False
espanol|psychology/responsibility|zakázaný|prohibido|False|False
espanol|psychology/responsibility|povinný|obligado|False|False
espanol|psychology/responsibility|nepovinný|facultativo|False|False
espanol|psychology/responsibility|voliteľný|optativo|False|False
espanol|psychology/responsibility|možný|posible|False|False
espanol|psychology/responsibility|poslušný|obediente|False|False
espanol|psychology/responsibility|zodpovedný|responsable (de)|False|False
espanol|psychology/responsibility|verný|fiel|False|False
espanol|psychology/responsibility|vydržať|aguantar|False|False
deutsch|culture/sex|nahý|bloss|False|False
deutsch|culture/sex|obnažiť|entblössen|False|True
deutsch|culture/sex|holý|nackt|False|False
deutsch|culture/sex|nadržaný|geil|False|False
deutsch|culture/sex|úchylný|abartig + pervers|False|False
deutsch|culture/sex|šukať|ficken|False|False
deutsch|culture/sex|vystriekať sa|abspritzen|False|False
deutsch|culture/sex|honiť si|wichsen|False|False
deutsch|culture/sex|trtkať|vögeln|False|False
deutsch|culture/sex|súložiť|bumsen|False|False
deutsch|culture/sex|vták|r Schwanz/ä-e|False|False
deutsch|economy/science|veda|e Wissenschaft/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/science|vedec|r Wissenschaftler|False|True
deutsch|economy/science|vedecký|wissenschaftlich|False|True
deutsch|economy/science|laboratórium|s Labor/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/science|skúmavka|s Reagenzglas/ä-er|False|False
deutsch|economy/science|dozvedieť sa|erfahren|True|False
deutsch|economy/science|skúsenosť|e Erfahrung/en|False|True
deutsch|economy/science|vynájsť|erfinden/erfand/erfunden|True|False
deutsch|economy/science|vynález|e Erfindung/en|False|True
deutsch|economy/science|vynálezca|r Erfinder|False|True
deutsch|economy/science|objaviť|entdecken|True|False
deutsch|economy/science|objav|e Entdeckung/en|False|True
deutsch|economy/science|objaviteľ|r Entdecker|False|True
deutsch|economy/science|skúmať|forschen|True|False
deutsch|economy/science|preskúmať|erforschen|False|True
deutsch|economy/science|výskum|e Forschung/en|False|True
deutsch|economy/science|zistiť|feststellen + herausfinden/fand/herausgefunden|True|False
deutsch|economy/science|vyvíjať|entwickeln|True|False
deutsch|economy/science|vývoj|e Entwicklung/en|False|True
deutsch|economy/science|pokrok|r Fortschritt/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/science|rozhodnúť|entscheiden/entschied/entschieden|True|False
deutsch|economy/science|rozhodnutie|e Entscheidung|False|True
deutsch|economy/science|rozhodnúť sa|entschliessen/entschloss/entschlossen sich (zu)|False|False
deutsch|economy/science|rozhodnutie|r Entschluss/ü-e|False|True
deutsch|economy/science|váhať|zögern + zaudern|True|False
deutsch|economy/science|dojem|r Eindruck/ü-e|True|False
deutsch|economy/science|zapôsobiť|beeindrucken|False|True
deutsch|economy/science|premýšľať|nachdenken|False|False
deutsch|economy/science|naučiť|beibringen|False|False
deutsch|economy/science|prieskum|e Umfrage/n|True|False
russkiy|culture/fantasy|čarovať|колдова́ть|False|False
russkiy|culture/fantasy|čarodejnica|колду́нья|False|True
espanol|life/life|stopovať|rastrear|False|False
espanol|life/life|loviť|cazar|False|False
espanol|life/life|chytiť|atrapar|False|False
espanol|life/life|utiecť|huir|False|False
espanol|life/life|lov|caza|False|False
espanol|life/life|útek|huida|False|False
espanol|life/life|predátor|depredador|False|False
espanol|life/life|korisť|presa|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/mestá|Londýn|伦敦 [lúndūn]|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/mestá|Paríž|巴黎 [bālí]|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/mestá|Rím|罗马 [luómǎ]|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/mestá|Atény|雅典 [yǎdiǎn]|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/mestá|Madrid|马德里 [mǎdélǐ]|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/mestá|Barcelona|巴塞罗那 [bāsèluōnà]|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/mestá|Lisabon|里斯本 [lǐsīběn]|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/mestá|Miláno|米兰 [mǐlán]|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/mestá|Benátky|威尼斯 [wēinísī]|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/mestá|Florencia|s Florenz|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/mestá|Janov|s Genua|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/mestá|Neapol|s Neapel|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/mestá|Viedeň|维也纳 [wéiyěnà]|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/mestá|Berlín|柏林 [bólín]|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/mestá|Mníchov|s München|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/mestá|Kolín|s Köln|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/mestá|Praha|s Prag|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/mestá|Varšava|s Warschau|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/mestá|Budapešť|s Budapest|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/mestá|Kodaň|s Kopenhagen|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/mestá|Štokholm|s Stockholm|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/mestá|Brusel|s Brüssel|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/mestá|Amsterdam|s Amsterdam|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/mestá|Zürich|s Zürich|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/mestá|Ženeva|s Genf|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/mestá|Káhira|开罗 [kāiluó]|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/mestá|Tokio|东京 [dōngjīng]|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/mestá|Peking|北京 [běijīng]|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/mestá|Moskva|莫斯科 [mòsīkē]|True|False
chinese|spoločnosť/mestá|Kyjev|s Kiew|False|False
chinese|spoločnosť/mestá|Bukurešť|s Bukarest|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|boh|dios|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|anjel|ángel|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|pápež|papa|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|biskup|obispo|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|kňaz|sacerdote|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|mních|monje|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|mních|fraile|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|kostol|iglesia|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|kláštor|monasterio|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|kaplnka|capilla|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|farnosť|parroquia|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|svätyňa|santuario|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|mešita|mezquita|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|minaret|alminar|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|chrám|templo|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|náboženstvo|religión|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|viera|fe|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|modlitba|oración|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|kázeň|sermón|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|omša|misa|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|kliatba|maldición|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|duša|alma|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|duch|espíritu|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|osud|destino|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|svätý|santo|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|posadnutý|poseído|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|neveriaci|descreído|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|obetovať|sacrificar|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|obetovanie|sacrificio|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|uctievať|adorar|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|uctievanie|adoración|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|modliť sa|rezar|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|cintorín|cementerio|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|hrob|tumba|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|pohreb|entierro|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|pochovať|enterrar|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|krematórium|crematorio|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|smútočný obrad|funeral|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|ženích|novio|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|svadba|boda|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|ženatý|casado|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|vdovec|viudo|False|False
espanol|culture/náboženstvo|rozvedený|divorciado|False|False
espanol|psychology/komunikácia|šuškať|cuchichear|False|False
espanol|psychology/komunikácia|šepkať|susurrar|False|False
espanol|psychology/komunikácia|šomrať|mascullar|False|False
espanol|psychology/komunikácia|posunok|ademán|False|False
espanol|psychology/komunikácia|krik|grito + alarido|False|False
espanol|psychology/komunikácia|nárek|lamento|False|False
espanol|psychology/komunikácia|šuškanie|cuchicheo|False|False
espanol|psychology/komunikácia|šepot|susurro|False|False
espanol|psychology/komunikácia|hovoriť|hablar|False|False
espanol|psychology/komunikácia|povedať|decir|False|False
espanol|psychology/komunikácia|rozprávať|narrar|False|False
espanol|psychology/komunikácia|porozprávať|relatar|False|False
espanol|psychology/komunikácia|rozprávať sa|conversar|False|False
espanol|psychology/komunikácia|rečniť|orar|False|False
espanol|psychology/komunikácia|volať|llamar|False|False
espanol|psychology/komunikácia|presvedčiť|convencer|False|False
espanol|psychology/komunikácia|prehovoriť|persuadir|False|False
espanol|psychology/komunikácia|vysvetliť|explicar|False|False
espanol|psychology/komunikácia|odpovedať|contestar + responder|False|False
espanol|psychology/komunikácia|pýtať sa|preguntar|False|False
espanol|psychology/komunikácia|objasniť|aclarar|False|False
espanol|psychology/komunikácia|poradiť|aconsejar|False|False
espanol|psychology/komunikácia|odporučiť|recomendar|False|False
espanol|psychology/komunikácia|navrhnúť|sugerir|False|False
espanol|psychology/komunikácia|oznámiť|anunciar|False|False
espanol|psychology/komunikácia|ohovárať|calumniar + difamar|False|False
espanol|psychology/komunikácia|kritizovať|criticar|False|False
espanol|psychology/komunikácia|sťažovať sa|quejarse|False|False
espanol|abstract/size|veľkosť|tamaño|False|False
espanol|abstract/size|veľký|grande|False|False
espanol|abstract/size|malý|pequeño|False|False
espanol|abstract/size|vysoký|alto|False|False
espanol|abstract/size|nízky|bajo|False|False
espanol|abstract/size|dlhý|largo|False|False
espanol|abstract/size|krátky|corto|False|False
espanol|abstract/size|šíriť sa|cundir|False|False
espanol|abstract/size|zväčšiť|engrandecer|False|False
espanol|psychology/opinion|názor|opinión|False|False
espanol|psychology/opinion|postoj|actitud|False|False
espanol|psychology/opinion|súhlasiť|consentir (en)|False|False
espanol|psychology/opinion|oponovať|discutir|False|False
espanol|psychology/opinion|hádať sa|disputar (sobre)|False|False
espanol|psychology/opinion|hašteriť sa|reñir|False|False
espanol|psychology/opinion|skromný|modesto|False|False
espanol|psychology/opinion|hrdý|orgulloso|False|False
espanol|psychology/opinion|pyšný|soberbio + ufano (de)|False|False
espanol|psychology/opinion|namyslený|presumido|False|False
espanol|psychology/opinion|sebavedomý|confiado|False|False
espanol|psychology/opinion|hanblivý|tímido|False|False
espanol|psychology/opinion|zahanbený|avergonzado|False|False
espanol|psychology/opinion|pýcha|soberbia|False|False
espanol|psychology/opinion|hrdosť|orgullo|False|False
espanol|psychology/opinion|skromnosť|orgullo|False|False
espanol|psychology/opinion|namyslenosť|presunción|False|False
espanol|psychology/opinion|hanba|vergüenza|False|False
espanol|psychology/opinion|ponížiť|humillar|False|False
espanol|psychology/opinion|byť namyslený|presumir|False|False
espanol|psychology/opinion|byť sebavedomý|confiar|False|False
espanol|psychology/opinion|zahanbiť|avergonzar|False|False
espanol|psychology/opinion|urážlivý|quisquilloso|False|False
chinese|economy/transportation|loď|船 [chuán]|False|False
chinese|economy/transportation|kotva|锚 [máo]|False|False
chinese|economy/transportation|ponorka|潜艇 [qiántǐng]|False|False
chinese|economy/transportation|jachta|快艇 [kuàitǐng]|False|False
chinese|economy/transportation|prístav|海港 [hǎigǎng]|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|div|s Wunder|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|udiviť|wundern|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|obdivovať|bewundern|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|obdiv|e Bewunderung|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|obdivný|bewundernd|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|udiviť|verwundern|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|údiv|e Verwunderung|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|udivený|verwundert|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|diviť sa|verwundern sich + wundern sich|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|zbožňovať|anbeten|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|zbožňovanie|e Anbetung|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|hnusiť sa|ekeln sich|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|znechutenie|r Ekel|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|znechutený|angeekelt|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|znechutiť|verleiden|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|dúfať|hoffen (auf)|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|nádej|e Hoffnung|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|ohromiť|erstaunen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|ohromujúci|erstaunlich|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|ohromenie|s Erstaunen|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|žasnúť|staunen (über)|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|úžas|s Staunen|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|zmiasť|verwirren|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|zmätok|e Verwirrung|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|zmätený|verwirrt|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|škodoradosť|e Schadenfreude|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|škodoradostný|schadenfroh + hämisch|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|závisť|r Neid|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|závidieť|beneiden + neiden|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|zľutovať sa|erbarmen sich|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|úbohý|erbärmlich|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|milosrdný|barmherzig|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|zľutovanie|e Barmherzigkeit + s Erbarmen|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|hrdý|stolz (auf)|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|hrdosť|r Stolz|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|hanba|e Schande + e Schmach|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|hanblivosť|e Scham|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|zahanbenie|e Beschämung|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|hanbiť sa|schämen sich|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|zahanbiť|beschämen|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|zahanbený|beschämt|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|zábava|s Amüsement|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|zábavný|amüsant|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|zabávať sa|amüsieren sich|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|baviť sa|unterhalten/unterhält/unterhielt/unterhalten sich|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|zábavný|unterhaltsam|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|zábava|e Unterhaltung|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/emotions|otravný|lästig|False|False
deutsch|human/desire|želanie|r Wunsch/ü-e|True|False
deutsch|human/desire|túžba|e Sehnsucht|False|False
deutsch|human/desire|zálusk|s Gelüst|False|False
deutsch|human/desire|želať si|wünschen|True|False
deutsch|human/desire|túžobne si želať|ersehnen|False|False
deutsch|human/desire|zriecť sa|verzichten (auf)|True|False
deutsch|human/desire|túžiť|sehnen sich (nach) + lechzen (nach)|False|False
deutsch|human/desire|bažiť|gelüsten (nach) + schmachten|False|False
deutsch|human/desire|zunovať sa|übersehen/sieht/sah/übergesehen|False|False
deutsch|human/desire|túžobný|sehnlich + sehnsüchtig|False|False
deutsch|human/desire|chtivý|gelüstig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|zdržiavať sa|aufhalten/hält/hielt/aufgehalten sich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|pamätihodný|denkwürdig|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|jemný/nežný|zart|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|upadať|verfallen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|zotrvať|verharren|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|výzva|e Herausforderung|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|vyslanec|r Gesandte/n|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|prebytok|r Überfluss|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|vyhnúť sa|vermeiden/vermied/vermieden|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|neodvratný|unvermeidlich|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|zriekať sa|meiden|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|chabý|flau|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|prehrabávať|stöbern|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|netrafiť|verfehlen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|príležitostný|gelegentlich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|zachovať|bewahren|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|poskytnúť|gewähren|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|záležitosť|e Angelegenheit/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|zlý (závažný)|schlimm|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|jednoduchý|einfach|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|zložitý|schwierig|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|jasný|klar|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|dostupný|erhältlich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|priniesť|bringen + mitbringen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|pripravený|bereit (zu)|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|trafiť|treffen/trifft/traf/getroffen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|pravý/ozajstný|echt|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|stuhnutý|starr|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|ponechať si|behalten/behält/behielt/behalten|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|nasadenie|r Einsatz/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|čin|e Tat/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|falošný|falsch|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|uvoľnený|locker|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|úplný|völlig|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|centrála|e Zentrale/n|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|stať sa|geschehen/geschieht/geschah/geschehen + passieren|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|viesť|führen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|zväzok|r Band/ä-e|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|stály|ständig|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|definitívny|endgültig|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|karta|e Karte/n|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|znamenie|s Zeichen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|charakteristický znak|s Merkmal/e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|kontrola|e Kontrolle/n|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|určiť|bestimmen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|vybaviť|erledigen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|pasovať|passen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|skladovať|lagern|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|dávať pozor|aufpassen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|rušiť|stören|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|rušenie|e Störung/en|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|rovnocenný|ebenbürtig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|podceniť|unterschätzen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|uzrozumený|einverstanden (mit)|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|stopa|e Spur/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|okruh|e Runde/n|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|prenosný|tragbar|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|príležitosť|e Gelegenheit/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|zadarmo|umsonst|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|nadarmo|umsonst|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|stráviť (čas)|verbringen/verbrachte/verbracht|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|kurz|r Kurs/e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|test|r Test/e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|prívrženec|r Anhänger|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|zanechať|hinterlassen/hinterlässt/hinterliess/hinterlassen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|normálne|normalerweise|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|zadať|aufgeben/gibt/gab/aufgegeben|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|oblasť|s Gebiet/e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|pozadie|r Hintergrund/ü-e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|oddelenie|e Abteilung/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|predstaviť|vorstellen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|predstavenie|e Vorstellung/en|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|vyzdvihnúť|abholen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|samozrejmý|selbstverständlich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|prijať|annehmen/nimmt/nahm/angenommen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|divoký|wild|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|sledovať|verfolgen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|štýl|r Stil/e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|užívať si|geniessen/genoss/genossen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|benzín|s Benzin/e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|titul|r Titel|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|naproti tomu|hingegen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|neprítomný|abwesend|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|dopriať|gönnen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|označiť|bezeichnen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|rozladiť|verstimmen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|zmierniť|lindern|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|utopiť sa|ersaufen + ertrinken/ertrank/ertrunken|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|napájať sa|saufen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|povážlivý|bedenklich|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|voľná chvíľa|e Musse|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|viaznuť|hapern|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|upútať|fesseln|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|rozptýliť|ablenken|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|zaobchádzať|verfahren (mit)|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|jemný/opatrný|sacht(e)|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|zaťažiť|belasten|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|nadeliť|bescheren|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|poriadny|tüchtig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|vzpierať sa|sträuben sich|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|zaobchádzať|umgehen/ging/umgegangen (mit)|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|skutočnosť|e Wirklichkeit/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|kradmý|verstohlen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|hodovať|schwelgen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|prevažovať|überwiegen/überwog/überwogen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|vzplanúť|aufbrausen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|rôsol|s Gallert|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|nádielka|e Bescherung/en|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|rozruch|s Gedöns|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|odobratie|r Entzug/ü-e|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|nariadiť|verfügen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|disponovať|verfügen über|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|k dispozícii|zur Verfügung|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|záťaž|e Belastung/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|kúriť|feuern|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|byť platný|gelten/gilt/galt/gegolten|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|vybrať (vykopať)|ausheben/hob/ausgehoben|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|pohodlný|behaglich|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|strata|r Ausfall/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|vedenie|e Leitung/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|postava|e Figur/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|nachádzať sa|befinden/befand/befunden sich|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|týkať sa|betreffen/betrifft/betraf/betroffen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|pochádzať|stammen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|vyšetriť|untersuchen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|splniť|erfüllen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|postavenie|e Stellung/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|dostať sa|geraten/gerät/geriet/geraten|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|zreteľný|deutlich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|priekupník|r Hehler|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|podpora|e Unterstützung/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|vystúpenie|r Auftritt/e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|uznať|würdigen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|odľahčenie|e Entlastung/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|odstrániť|beseitigen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|prijať|empfangen/empfängt/empfing/empfangen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|realita|e Realität/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|vytiahnuť|ausziehen/zog/ausgezogen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|ponúknuť|anbieten|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|prenechať|überlassen/überlässt/überliess/überlassen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|prekonať|durchmachen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|sústrediť|konzentrieren|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|postoj|e Einstellung/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|rozlúčiť sa|verabschieden sich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|riadiť|steuern|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|vystúpiť|aussteigen/stieg/ausgestiegen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|nastúpiť|einsteigen/stieg/eingestiegen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|prístup|r Zugang/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|zaobchádzanie|e Behandlung/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|prijatie|r Empfang/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|vedenie|e Führung/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|centrum|s Zentrum/Zentren|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|pokryť|decken|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|dodať|abgeben/gibt/gab/abgegeben|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|zúčastniť sa|mitmachen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|vykúpenie|e Erlösung|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|prekážať|ausmachen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|spáchať|begehen/beging/begangen + verüben|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|škrtnúť|streichen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|uvoľniť|entspannen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|vypustiť|aussetzen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|tesný|knapp|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|odvliecť (nasilu)|verschleppen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|osvieženie|s Labsal/e|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|rozklad|e Zerlegung/en|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|jeden z nás|unsereiner|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|zahaliť|verschleiern|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|prekážať|behindern|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|vedúci zmanipulovaného davu|r Leithammel|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|k dispozícii|verfügbar|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|zákal|e Trübung/en|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|vybaviť|versehen/versieht/versah/versehen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|zlúčiteľný|vereinbar|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|naježiť|sträuben|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|utrpieť|erleiden/erlitt/erlitten|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|dostupný|vorhanden|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|prekypovať|strotzen (vor)|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|byť vhodný|taugen für/zu|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|skaziť|verkorksen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|vyťaženie|e Auslastung|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|lákanie|e Verlockung/en|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|oddýchnuť si|verschnaufen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|skromný(chudobný)|karg|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|dych|e Puste|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|odkázaný (na)|angewiesen (auf)|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|dohoda|r Vertrag/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|zniesť/vydržať|vertragen/verträgt/vertrug/vertragen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|výchova|e Erziehung|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|hostiteľ|r Wirt|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|posúdiť|begutachten|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|očividný|krass|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|zrejmý|offensichtlich|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|darovať|stiften|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|uschovať|aufbewahren|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|fingovať|türken|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|postačiť|ausreichen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|náhrada|r Ersatz|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|horlivosť|e Inbrunst|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|výstrednosť|e Ausschweifung/en|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|v náznakoch|ansatzweise|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|okolnosť|r Umstand/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|zapadnúť|untergehen/ging/untergegangen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|odvrátiť|abwehren|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|odobrať|entnehmen/entnimmt/entnahm/entnommen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|zohnať|ergattern|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|stoka|e Gosse/n|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|prideliť|anweisen/wies/angewiesen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|pustiť (dnu)|einlassen/lässt/liess/eingelassen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|biedny|elend|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|dátum vystavenia|s Ausstellungsdatum|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|vyhľadať|nachschlagen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|získať|erwerben/erwirbt/erwarb/erworben|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|nahrabať|scheffeln|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|uchádzať sa|bewerben/bewirbt/bewarb/beworben sich|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|zaraziť sa|stutzig werden|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|nárok|r Anspruch/ü-e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|vyhnať|vertreiben/vertrieb/vertrieben|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|verbovať/propagovať|werben/wirbt/warb/geworben (für)|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|záznam|e Aufzeichnung/en|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|podujatie|e Veranstaltung/en|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|prejsť (vzdialenosť)|ūberqueren|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|prekrížiť|kreuzen + verschränken|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|prednostný|vorrangig|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|odhaliť|enthüllen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|odpratať|abräumen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|pripojenie|r Anschluss/ü-e|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|uháňať|flitzen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|zohnať|erstehen/erstand/erstanden|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|trvať na|beharren auf|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|prítomnosť|e Anwesenheit|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|spravovať|verwalten|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|spravovanie|e Verwaltung/en|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|ubytovňa|e Herberge/n|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|spustnúť|verlottern|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|ležérny|lässig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|prízrak|s Trugbild/er|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|zodpovedajúci/podľa|entsprechend|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|zodpovedať|entsprechen/entspricht/entsprach/entsprochen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|primeraný|dementsprechend|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|posudok|s Zeugnis/se|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|trvalý|nachhaltig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|inaugurovať|einweihen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|dozorca|r Schaffner|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|prolongácia|e Stundung/en|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|vyhovovať|behagen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|zbohom|s Lebewohl|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|statný|stattlich|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|pristihnúť|ertappen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|prenasledovateľ|r Häscher|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|svorný|einträchtig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|rozpačitosť|e Verlegenheit|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|veľmi jednoduchý|kinderleicht|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|písomná žiadosť|s Gesuch/e|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|neplecha|r Unfug|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|otužiť|ertüchtigen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|pôvod|e Herkunft/ü-e|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|zatarasiť|verrammeln|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|rozvíjať sa|entfalten sich|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|bez zábran|hemmungslos|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|lákať|verlocken|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|zľahčovať|verniedlichen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|bludisko|r Irrgarten/ä|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|osvedčiť sa|bewähren sich|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|uviesť|einweisen/wies/eingewiesen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|šikovnosť|s Geschick|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|šikovný|geschickt|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|nadanie|e Begabung/en (für)|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|talent|s Talent/e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|zabrániť|verhüten|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|rázny|barsch|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|tesný|knapp|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|vlastne|eigentlich|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|zápalná šnúra|e Lunte/n|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|zmierenie|e Linderung|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|zahasprovať (dvere)|verriegeln|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|obskakovať|scharwenzeln|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|týkať sa|angehen/ging/angegangen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|ochota|e Bereitschaft/en|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|nútiť|zwingen/zwang/gezwungen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|zadržiavanie|e Eindämmung/en|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|oprávniť|befugen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|komický/čudný|ulkig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|hnusný|fies|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|oddýchnuť si|rasten|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|mostík|r Steg/e|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|obrniť sa|wappnen sich|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|nahromadiť|anhäufen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|zbaviť práv|entrechten|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|nárok|s Recht/e|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|pedantský|penibel|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|natrafiť|unterlaufen/unterläuft/unterlief/unterlaufen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|domáci|ansässig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|ozdoba|e Zierde/n|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|ozdoba|r Zierrat/e|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|ozdoba|r Schmuck|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|ozdobiť|schmücken|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|zdobiť|verzieren|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|idol/obľúbenec|r Schwarm|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|biedny|dürftig|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|prehnaná požiadavka|s Ansinnen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|šmrnc|r Pep|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|predseda|r Obmann|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|ležérny|salopp|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|podrobný|ausführlich|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|stanoviť|anberaumen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|uskromniť sa|bescheiden/beschied/beschieden sich|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|rozdúchať oheň|entfachen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|a teda|folglich|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|blud|r Wahn/e|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|nenáročný|anspruchslos|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|odstrihnúť|kappen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|rozleptať|ätzen|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|poleptať|verätzen|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|opovážiť sa|unterstehen/unterstand/unterstanden sich|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|zistiť|ermitteln|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|uviesť|angeben/gibt/gab/angegeben|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|vydať|ausgeben/gibt/gab/ausgegeben|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/akcia|hnať|treiben/trieb/getrieben|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|medicína|e Medizin/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|zdravie|e Gesundheit|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|zdravý|gesund|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|choroba|e Krankheit/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|bezvedomie|e Ohnmacht/en|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|chorý|krank|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|slepý|blind|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|hluchý|taub|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|nemý|stumm|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|ochrnutý|gelähmt|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|chromý|lahm|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|smrteľne chorý|todkrank|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|omráčený|benommen|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|malátny|schwummerig|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|ochabnutý|schlaff|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|podnapitý|beschwipst|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|ožran|r Säufer|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|ožratý|besoffen|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|ožierať sa|besaufen sich|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|omámiť|betäuben|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|vytriezvieť|ernüchtern|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|slopať|saufen|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|nemocnica|s Krankenhaus/ä-er|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|lekáreň|e Apotheke/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|márnica|s Leichenhaus/ä-er + e Leichenhalle/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|lekár|r Arzt/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|zubár|r Zahnarzt/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|chirurg|r Chirurg/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|lekárnik|r Apotheker|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|pacient|r Patient/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|šarlatán|r Quacksalber|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|liek|e Arznei/en + s Medikament/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|tabletka|e Pille/n + e Tablette/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|pitva|e Obduktion/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|barla|e Krücke/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|triezvy|nüchtern|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|vytriezvieť|ernüchtern|False|True
deutsch|economy/medicine|opitý|betrunken|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|podnapitý|beschwipst|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|fajčiť|rauchen|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|fetovať|schnüffeln|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|cigareta|e Zigarette/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|liečiť|heilen|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|zotaviť sa|erholen sich|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|pomôcť zotaviť|aufpäppeln|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|ošetrovať|päppeln|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|ošetriť|behandeln|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|vyliečiť|ausheilen + kurieren|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|zahojiť sa|verheilen + abheilen|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|operovať|operieren|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|operácia|e Operation/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|uzdravovanie|e Genesung|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|napadnúť (choroba)|befallen/befällt/befiel/befallen|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|striekačka|e Spritze/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|skalpel|s Skalpell/e|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|rúško|r Mundschutz/e|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|bolesť|r Schmerz/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|horúčka|s Fieber|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|hnačka|r Durchfall/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|krvácanie|e Blutung/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|bolieť|wehtun|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|migréna|e Migräne/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|krvácať|bluten|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|vykrvácať|verbluten|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|boľavý|weh|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|krvácať|bluten|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|obväz|e Binde/n + r Verband/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|obviazať|verbinden/verband/verbunden|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|epidémia|e Seuche/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|nákaza|e Ansteckung/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|nákazlivý|ansteckend|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|očkovanie|e Impfung|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|očkovať|impfen|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|vakcína|e Vakzine/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|otrava|e Vergiftung/en|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|jed|s Gift/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|otráviť|vergiften|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|chrípka|e Grippe/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|alergia|e Allergie/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|mor|e Pest|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|zlomenina|r Bruch/ü-e|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|nádcha|r Schnupfen|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|besnota|e Tollwut|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|žltačka|e Gelbsucht|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|cukrovka|e Zuckerkrankheit|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|osýpky|e Masern|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|kiahne|e Pocken|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|svrab|e Krätze|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|majúci závrat|schwindlig|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|závrat|r Taumel|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|seknutie v krížoch|r Hexenschuss|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|rakovina|r Krebs/e|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|nádor|e Geschwulst/ü-e|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|hrča|e Wulst/ü-e|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|zhubný|bösartig|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|pôvodca (choroby)|r Erreger|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|zranenie|e Wunde|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|poranený|verletzt + verwundet|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|poraniť|verletzen + verwunden|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|škrabanec|r Kratzer|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|zmrzačiť|verstümmeln|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|bolesť hlavy|s Kopfweh|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|opuchnúť|schwellen/schwillt/schwoll/geschwollen|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|jazva|e Narbe/n|True|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|mozoľ|e Schwiele/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|hnis|r Eiter|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|hnisavý|eitrig|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|vyrážka|r Ausschlag/ä-e|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|opuch|e Anschwellung/en|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|pomliaždenina|e Quetschung/en + e Prellung/en|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|zápal|e Entzündung/en|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|vred|s Geschwür/e|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|opuchnutý|aufgedunsen|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|napuchnutý|wulstig|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|čierna bodka|r Mitesser|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|vráska|e Runzel/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|peha|e Sommersprosse/n|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|prenášať (chorobu)|verschleppen|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|pálenie záhy|s Sodbrennen|False|False
deutsch|economy/medicine|kontrakcia|e Wehe/n|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-kopytníky|párnokopytník|偶蹄动物 [ǒutí dòngwù]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-kopytníky|nepárnokopytník|奇蹄动物 [jītí dòngwù]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-kopytníky|nosorožec|犀牛 [xīniú]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-kopytníky|kôň|马 [mǎ]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-kopytníky|somár|驴[子] [lǘzi]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-kopytníky|zebra|斑马 [bānmǎ]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-kopytníky|tapír|貘 [mò]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-kopytníky|hroch|河马 [hémǎ]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-kopytníky|diviak|野猪 [yězhū]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-kopytníky|ťava|骆驼 [luòtuó]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-kopytníky|lama|大羊驼 [dàyángtuó]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-kopytníky|veľryba|鲸鱼 [jīngyú]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-kopytníky|delfín|海豚 [hǎitún]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-kopytníky|kosatka|虎鲸 [hǔjīng] + 逆戟鲸 [nìjǐjīng]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-kopytníky|žirafa|长颈鹿 [chángjǐnglù]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-kopytníky|antilopa|羚羊 [língyáng]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-kopytníky|jeleň|鹿 [lù]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-kopytníky|sob|驯鹿 [xùnlù]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-kopytníky|los|驼鹿 [tuólù]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-kopytníky|ovca|羊 [yáng]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-kopytníky|koza|山羊 [shānyáng]|True|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-kopytníky|kamzík|岩羚羊 [yánlíngyáng]|False|False
chinese|zvierata/cicavce-kopytníky|byvol|水牛 [shuǐniú]|False|False
chinese|priroda/počasie|počasie|天气 [tiānqì]|True|False
chinese|priroda/počasie|obloha|天空 [tiānkōng]|True|False
chinese|priroda/počasie|teplota|温度 [wēndù]|True|False
chinese|priroda/počasie|horúci|热 [rè]|True|False
chinese|priroda/počasie|teplý|温暖 [wēnnuǎn]|True|False
chinese|priroda/počasie|studený|寒冷 [hánlěng]|True|False
chinese|priroda/počasie|voda|水 [shuǐ]|True|False
chinese|priroda/počasie|ľad|冰 [bīng]|True|False
chinese|priroda/počasie|vlna|波浪 [bōlàng]|True|False
chinese|priroda/počasie|cencúľ|冰柱 [bīngzhù]|False|False
chinese|priroda/počasie|vzduch|空气 [kōngqì]|True|False
chinese|priroda/počasie|vietor|风 [fēng]|True|False
chinese|priroda/počasie|víchrica|狂风 [kuángfēng]|True|False
chinese|priroda/počasie|vánok|微风 [wēifēng]|False|False
chinese|priroda/počasie|búrka|暴风 [bàofēng]|True|False
chinese|priroda/počasie|blesk|闪电 [shǎndiàn]|True|False
chinese|priroda/počasie|hrom|雷 [léi]|True|False
chinese|priroda/počasie|oblak|云 [yún]|True|False
chinese|priroda/počasie|zore (červené oblaky pri západe slnka)|霞 [xiá]|False|False
chinese|priroda/počasie|hmla|薄雾 [bówù]|True|False
chinese|priroda/počasie|zrážky|降水 [jiàngshuǐ]|False|False
chinese|priroda/počasie|dážď|雨 [yǔ]|True|False
chinese|priroda/počasie|pršať|下雨 [xiàyǔ]|True|False
chinese|priroda/počasie|sneh|雪 [xuě]|True|False
chinese|priroda/počasie|snežiť|下雪 [xiàxuě]|True|False
chinese|priroda/počasie|krúpy|冰雹 [bīngbáo]|False|False
chinese|priroda/počasie|dúha|彩虹 [cǎihóng]|True|False
chinese|priroda/počasie|kaluž|水坑 [shuǐkēng]|True|False
chinese|priroda/počasie|povodeň|水灾 [shuǐzāi]|True|False
chinese|priroda/počasie|dusno|闷热 [mēnrè]|False|False
chinese|priroda/počasie|rosa|露水 [lùshuǐ]|False|False
chinese|priroda/počasie|námraza|霜 [shuāng]|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|korenina|s Gewürz/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|bylinka|s Küchenkraut/ä-er|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|soľ|s Salz/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|jedlá sóda|s Natron|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|korenie|r Pfeffer|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|škorica|r Zimt/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|vanilka|e Vanille|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|klinček|e Gewürznelke/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|zázvor|r Ingwer|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|cukor|r Zucker|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|čokoláda|e Schokolade/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|kakao|r Kakao/s|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|olej|s Öl/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|múka|s Mehl/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|cesto|r Teig/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|droždie|e Hefe/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|kysnuté cesto|r Hefeteig/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|poleva|r Guss/ü-e|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|plnka|e Füllung/en|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|masť|s Schmalz/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|huba|r Pilz/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|hríb|r Steinpilz/e + r Röhrling/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|bedľa|r Schirmpilz/e + r Schirmling/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|hliva|r Seitling/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|šampiňón|r Champignon/s|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|kuriatko|r Pfifferling/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|plávka|r Täubling/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|omrvinka|r Krümel|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|mäso|s Fleisch|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|tuk|s Fett/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|kurča|s Hähnchen|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|hydina|s Geflügel|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|hovädzina|s Rindfleisch|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|teľacina|s Kalbfleisch|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|bravčovina|s Schweinefleisch|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|jahňacina|s Lammfleisch|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|slanina|r Speck/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|klobása|e Wurst/ü-e|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|šunka|r Schinken|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|jaternica|e Leberwurst/ü-e|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|párok|s Würstchen|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|údené|s Rauchfleisch|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|držky|e Kuttel/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|solené mäso|s Pökelfleisch|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|mleté mäso|s Hackfleisch|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|rybí tuk|r Tran|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|tlačenka|s Gesülze|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|loj|r Talg/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|mlieko|e Milch|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|syr|r Käse|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|maslo|e Butter|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|smotana|e Sahne|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|tvaroh|r Quark|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|vajce|s Ei/er|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|žĺtok|s Eigelb/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/food/food|bielok|s Eiweiss/e|True|False
espanol|life/names|Antarktída|Antártida|False|False
espanol|life/names|Pyreneje|Pirineos|False|False
espanol|life/names|Sahara|Sáhara|False|False
espanol|life/names|Amazonka|Amazonas|False|False
espanol|life/names|Dunaj|Danubio|False|False
espanol|life/names|Mississippi|Misisipí|False|False
espanol|life/names|Níl|Nilo|False|False
espanol|life/names|Cejlón|Ceilán|False|False
espanol|life/names|Cyprus|Chipre|False|False
espanol|life/names|Grónsko|Groenlandia|False|False
espanol|life/names|Korzika|Córcega|False|False
espanol|life/names|Madagaskar|Madagascar|False|False
espanol|life/names|Sardínia|Cerdeña|False|False
espanol|life/names|Sicília|Sicilia|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|úroda|cosecha|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|žatva|siega|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|osev|siembra|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|kombajn|cosechadora|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|kosačka|cortacésped|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|kosa|guadaña|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|kosák|hoz|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|hnojivo|abono|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|rýľ|laya|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|motyka|azada|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|lopata|pala|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|udica|caña de pescar|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|farma|granja|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|stodola|pajar|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|stajňa|establo|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|záhrada|jardín|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|záhradka|huerto|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|trávnik|césped|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|skleník|invernadero|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|záhon|macizo|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|kvetináč|maceta|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|siať|sembrar|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|sadiť|plantar|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|hnojiť|abonar|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|žať|segar|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|kosiť|guadañar|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|burina|maleza|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|seno|heno|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|slama|paja|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|hnoj|estiércol|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|kravský zvonec|cencerro|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|pastier|pastor|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|farmár|granjero|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|jahňa|cordero|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|ovca|oveja|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|baran|carnero|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|krava|vaca|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|býk|toro|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|teľa|ternero|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|kôň|caballo|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|kobyla|yegua|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|žriebä|potro|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|pes|perro|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|šteňa|cachorro|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|prasa|cerdo|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|koza|cabra|False|False
espanol|economy/polnohospodarstvo|mačka|gato|False|False
deutsch|culture/script|čítať|lesen/liest/las/gelesen|True|False
deutsch|culture/script|prečítať|durchlesen/liest/las/durchgelesen|False|True
deutsch|culture/script|čítať nahlas|vorlesen/liest/las/vorgelesen|False|True
deutsch|culture/script|čitateľ|r Leser|False|True
deutsch|culture/script|čitateľný|leserlich|False|True
deutsch|culture/script|písať|schreiben/schrieb/geschrieben|True|False
deutsch|culture/script|odpísať|abschreiben/schrieb/abgeschrieben|False|True
deutsch|culture/script|napísať|aufschreiben/schrieb/aufgeschrieben|False|True
deutsch|culture/script|popísať|beschreiben/beschrieb/beschrieben|False|True
deutsch|culture/script|podpísať|unterschreiben/unterschrieb/unterschrieben|False|True
deutsch|culture/script|pisár|r Schreiber|False|True
deutsch|culture/script|čarbanica|s Gekritzel|False|False
deutsch|culture/script|písmo|e Schrift/en|True|False
deutsch|culture/script|písomný|schriftlich|False|True
deutsch|culture/script|písmeno|r Buchstabe/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/script|abeceda|s Alphabet|True|False
deutsch|culture/script|azbuka|e Kyrilliza|False|False
deutsch|culture/script|čiarka|s Komma/s|True|False
deutsch|culture/script|bodka|r Punkt/e|True|False
deutsch|culture/script|bodkočiarka|r Strichpunkt/e|False|True
deutsch|culture/script|dvojbodka|r Doppelpunkt/e|False|True
deutsch|culture/script|otáznik|s Fragezeichen|False|False
deutsch|culture/script|výkričník|s Ausrufezeichen|False|False
deutsch|culture/script|podčiarkovník|r Unterstrich/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/script|pomlčka|r Gedankenstrich/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/script|apostrof|r Apostroph/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/script|úvodzovky|e Anführungszeichen|False|False
deutsch|culture/script|zátvorka|e Klammer/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/script|lomítko|r Schrägstrich/e|False|False
deutsch|culture/script|riadok|e Zeile/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/script|odsek|r Absatz/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|culture/script|strana|e Seite/n|True|False
deutsch|culture/script|kapitola|s Kapitel|False|False
deutsch|culture/script|kniha|s Buch/ü-er|True|False
deutsch|culture/script|vydanie|e Ausgabe/n|False|False
deutsch|culture/script|list|r Brief + s Schreiben|False|False
deutsch|culture/script|lístok|r Zettel|True|False
deutsch|life/human|telo|r Körper + r Leib|True|False
deutsch|life/human|hlava|r Kopf/ö-e|True|False
deutsch|life/human|tvár|s Gesicht/er|True|False
deutsch|life/human|tvár|s Antlitz|False|False
deutsch|life/human|krk|r Hals/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|life/human|líce|e Wange/n|True|False
deutsch|life/human|čelo|e Stirn/en|True|False
deutsch|life/human|brada|s Kinn/e|True|False
deutsch|life/human|hrdlo|e Kehle/n|False|False
deutsch|life/human|trup|r Rumpf/ü-e|True|False
deutsch|life/human|chrbát|r Rücken|True|False
deutsch|life/human|šija|s Genick/e|True|False
deutsch|life/human|hruď|e Brust/ü-e|True|False
deutsch|life/human|prsia|r Busen|True|False
deutsch|life/human|zadok|r Hintern + s Gesäss/e|True|False
deutsch|life/human|brucho|r Bauch/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|life/human|lono|r Schoss/ö-e|True|False
deutsch|life/human|bok|e Hüfte/n|True|False
deutsch|life/human|bedro|e Lende/n|False|False
deutsch|life/human|driek|e Taille/n|False|False
deutsch|life/human|riť|r Arsch/ä-e|False|False
deutsch|life/human|pupok (bachor)|r Wampe/n|False|False
deutsch|life/human|horná končatina|r Arm/e|True|False
deutsch|life/human|lakeť|r Ellbogen|True|False
deutsch|life/human|plece|e Schulter/n|True|False
deutsch|life/human|ruka|e Hand/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|life/human|dlaň|e Handfläche/n + r Handteller|False|True
deutsch|life/human|päsť|e Faust/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|life/human|dolná končatina|s Bein/e|True|False
deutsch|life/human|koleno|s Knie|True|False
deutsch|life/human|stehno|r Schenkel|True|False
deutsch|life/human|lýtko|e Wade/n|True|False
deutsch|life/human|noha|r Fuss/ü-e|True|False
deutsch|life/human|päta|e Ferse/n|True|False
deutsch|life/human|palec|r Daumen|True|False
deutsch|life/human|prst(ruka)|r Finger|True|False
deutsch|life/human|ukazovák|r Zeigefinger|False|True
deutsch|life/human|prostredník|r Mittelfinger|False|True
deutsch|life/human|prstenník|r Ringfinger|False|True
deutsch|life/human|prst(noha)|e Zehe/n|True|False
deutsch|human/trust|verný|treu|True|False
deutsch|human/trust|dôverovať|trauen + vertrauen|True|False
deutsch|human/trust|dôvera|s Vertrauen|False|True
deutsch|human/trust|dôverčivosť|e Vertrauensseligkeit|False|True
deutsch|human/trust|dôverčivý|vertrauensselig|False|True
deutsch|human/trust|dôverný|vertrauensvoll|False|True
deutsch|human/trust|dôveryhodný|vertrauenswürdig|False|True
deutsch|human/trust|veriť|glauben|True|False
deutsch|human/trust|viera|r Glaube|False|True
deutsch|human/trust|vierohodný|glaubhaft|False|True
deutsch|human/trust| povera|r Aberglaube|True|False
deutsch|human/trust|poverčivý|abergläubisch|False|True
deutsch|human/trust|spoliehať sa|bauen auf|False|False
deutsch|human/trust|prisahať vernosť|huldigen|False|False
deutsch|human/trust|prísaha|r Schwur/ü-e + r Eid/e|False|False
deutsch|human/trust|krivá prísaha|r Meineid|False|False
deutsch|human/trust|česť|e Ehre/n|True|False
deutsch|human/trust|čestný|ehrlich|False|True
deutsch|human/trust|ctený|geehrt|False|True
deutsch|human/trust|pochybnosť|r Zweifel|True|False
deutsch|human/trust|pochybovať|zweifeln + bezweifeln|False|True
deutsch|human/trust|pochybný|zweifelhaft|False|True
deutsch|human/trust|úprimný|aufrichtig|False|False
deutsch|human/trust|úprimnosť|e Aufrichtigkeit|False|True
deutsch|human/trust|naivný|naiv|True|False
deutsch|human/trust|mravný|sittlich|False|False
deutsch|human/trust|klamať|täuschen|True|False
deutsch|human/trust|predstierať|vortäuschen|False|True
deutsch|human/trust|klamanie|e Täuschung/en|False|True
deutsch|human/trust|oklamať|linken|False|False
deutsch|human/trust|obabrať|verladen|False|False
deutsch|human/trust|švindľovať|schummeln|False|False
deutsch|human/trust|odpustiť|vergeben/vergibt/vergab/vergeben|True|False
deutsch|human/trust|zrada|r Verrat|True|False
deutsch|human/trust|prezradiť|verraten/verrät/verriet/verraten|False|True
deutsch|human/trust|zradiť|verraten/verrät/verriet/verraten|False|True
deutsch|human/trust|zradca|r Verräter|False|True
deutsch|human/trust|zradný|verräterisch|False|True
deutsch|human/trust|fakt|e Tatsache/n|True|False
deutsch|human/trust|podvod|r Betrug/ü-e|True|False
deutsch|human/trust|klamstvo|e Lüge/n|True|False
deutsch|human/trust|klamať|lügen/log/gelogen|False|True
deutsch|human/trust|oklamať|anlügen/log/angelogen + belügen/belog/belogen|False|True
deutsch|human/trust|klamár|r Lügner|False|True
deutsch|human/trust|klamať|trügen/trog/getrogen|True|False
deutsch|human/trust|podvádzať|betrügen/betrog/betrogen|False|True
deutsch|human/trust|bluf|r Bluff/s|False|False
deutsch|human/trust|zákernosť|e Tücke + e Heimtücke|False|False
deutsch|human/trust|podvádzanie|e Mogelei/en|False|False
deutsch|human/trust|pravdivý|wahr|True|False
deutsch|human/trust|pravda|e Wahrheit/en|False|True
deutsch|human/trust|správny|korrekt + recht + richtig|True|False
deutsch|human/trust|zákerný|tückisch + heimtückisch|False|False
deutsch|human/trust|nehanebný|schnöde|False|False
deutsch|human/trust|nepravdivý|erlogen|False|False
deutsch|human/trust|ukryť|verstecken|True|False
deutsch|human/trust|skrývať|bergen/birgt/barg/geborgen|False|False
deutsch|human/trust|skryť|verbergen/verbirgt/verbarg/verborgen|True|False
deutsch|human/trust|odhaliť|entlarven|False|False
deutsch|human/trust|odhaliť|enttarnen|False|False
deutsch|human/trust|úkryt|s Versteck/e|True|False
deutsch|human/trust|odhalenie|e Entlarvung/en|False|False
deutsch|human/trust|šifra|e Chiffre/n|False|False
deutsch|human/trust|tajný|geheim + heimlich|True|False
deutsch|human/trust|tajuplný|geheimnisvoll|False|True
deutsch|human/trust|tajiť|geheim halten|False|True
deutsch|human/trust|utajiť|verheimlichen|False|True
deutsch|human/trust|tajomstvo|s Geheimnis/se + e Heimlichkeit/en|False|True
deutsch|human/trust|verejný|öffentlich|False|False
deutsch|human/trust|blufovať|bluffen|False|False
deutsch|human/trust|preháňať|übertreiben/übertrieb/übertrieben|True|False
deutsch|human/trust|zamlčať|verschweigen/verschwieg/verschwiegen|True|False
deutsch|human/trust|zatajiť|verhehlen|False|False
deutsch|human/trust|prerieknuť sa|verplappern sich|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|vták|ave|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|vták|pájaro|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|pštros|avestruz|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|labuť|cisne|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|hus|ganso|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|kačka|pato|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|prepelica|codorniz|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|bažant|faisán|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|kura|gallo|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|páv|pavo real|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|tetrov|urogallo|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|kukučka|cuco|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|holub|paloma|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|žeriav|grulla|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|čajka|gaviota|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|pelikán|pelícano|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|bocian|cigüeña|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|volavka|garza|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|tučniak|pingüino|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|orol|águila|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|jastrab|azor|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|sup|buitre|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|výr|búho|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|plamienka|lechuza|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|včelárik|abejaruco|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|dudok|abubilla|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|ďateľ|pájaro carpintero|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|tukan|tucán|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|sokol|halcón|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|papagáj|loro|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|sojka|arrendajo|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|vrana|corneja|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|krkavec|cuervo|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|havran|grajo|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|vlha|oropéndola|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|straka|urraca|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|škovránok|alondra|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|lastovička|golondrina|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|brhlík|trepador|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|škorec|estornino|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|červienka|petirrojo|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|slávik|ruiseñor|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|drozd|tordo|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|hýľ|camachuelo|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|vrabec|gorrión|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/aves|stehlík|jilguero|False|False
espanol|biology/botany|kvet|flor|False|False
espanol|biology/botany|list|hoja|False|False
espanol|biology/botany|plod|fruto|False|False
espanol|biology/botany|semeno|semilla|False|False
espanol|biology/botany|puk|capullo|False|False
espanol|biology/botany|peľ|polen|False|False
espanol|biology/botany|kmeň|tronco|False|False
espanol|biology/botany|konár|rama|False|False
espanol|biology/botany|stonka|tallo|False|False
espanol|biology/botany|koreň|raíz|False|False
espanol|biology/botany|rásť|crecer|False|False
espanol|biology/botany|kvitnúť|florecer|False|False
espanol|biology/botany|vädnúť|marchitarse|False|False
russkiy|nature/weather|oblak|о́блако|False|False
russkiy|nature/weather|mrak|ту́ча|False|False
russkiy|nature/weather|búrka|бу́ря|False|False
russkiy|nature/weather|blesk|мо́лния|False|False
chinese|culture/art|kultúra|文化 [wénhuà]|False|False
chinese|culture/art|umenie|艺术 [yìshù]|False|False
chinese|culture/art|socha|雕像 [diāoxiàng]|False|False
chinese|culture/art|spievať|唱 [chàng]|False|False
chinese|culture/art|pieseň|歌 [gē]|False|False
chinese|culture/art|tanec|舞蹈 [wǔdǎo]|False|False
chinese|culture/art|tancovať|跳舞 [tiàowǔ]|False|False
chinese|culture/art|kresliť|画 [huà]|False|False
chinese|culture/art|kresba|图画 [túhuà]|False|False
chinese|culture/art|maľba|绘画 [huìhuà]|False|False
chinese|culture/art|opera|歌剧 [gējù]|False|False
chinese|culture/art|divadlo [tradičné]|戏院 [xìyuàn]|False|False
chinese|culture/art|divadlo|剧院 [jùyuàn]|False|False
chinese|culture/art|film|电影 [diànyǐng]|False|False
chinese|culture/art|televízia|电视 [diànshì]|False|False
chinese|culture/art|televízor|电视机 [diànshìjī]|False|False
chinese|culture/art|noviny|报纸 [bàozhǐ]|False|False
chinese|culture/art|kniha|书 [shū]|False|False
chinese|culture/art|herec|演员 [yǎnyuán]|False|False
chinese|culture/art|režisér|导演 [dǎoyǎn]|False|False
chinese|culture/art|hrať|扮演 [bànyǎn]|False|False
chinese|priroda/stavba rastlín|list|s Blatt/ä-er|True|False
chinese|priroda/stavba rastlín|lístie|s Laub|True|False
chinese|priroda/stavba rastlín|ihličie|e Nadeln|True|False
chinese|priroda/stavba rastlín|koreň|e Wurzel/n|True|False
chinese|priroda/stavba rastlín|kmeň|r Stamm/ä-e|True|False
chinese|priroda/stavba rastlín|konár|r Ast/ä-e|True|False
chinese|priroda/stavba rastlín|vetva|r Zweig/e|True|False
chinese|priroda/stavba rastlín|stonka|r Stängel / r Stiel/e|True|False
chinese|priroda/stavba rastlín|kôra|e Rinde/n|True|False
chinese|priroda/stavba rastlín|steblo|r Halm/e|False|False
chinese|priroda/stavba rastlín|hľúza|e Knolle/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/stavba rastlín|puk|e Knospe/n|True|False
chinese|priroda/stavba rastlín|peľ|r Pollen / r Blütenstaub/ä-e|True|False
chinese|priroda/stavba rastlín|kvet|e Blüte/n|True|False
chinese|priroda/stavba rastlín|šuška|r Zapfen|False|False
chinese|priroda/stavba rastlín|jahňada|s Kätzchen|False|False
chinese|priroda/stavba rastlín|okolík|e Dolde/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/stavba rastlín|klas|e Ähre/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/stavba rastlín|šúľok|r Kolben|False|False
chinese|priroda/stavba rastlín|tyčinka|s Staubblatt/ä-er|False|False
chinese|priroda/stavba rastlín|peľnica|r Staubbeutel|False|False
chinese|priroda/stavba rastlín|nitka|r Staubfaden|False|False
chinese|priroda/stavba rastlín|piestik|r Stempel|False|False
chinese|priroda/stavba rastlín|blizna|e Narbe/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/stavba rastlín|čnelka|r Griffel|False|False
chinese|priroda/stavba rastlín|semenník|r Fruchtknoten|False|False
chinese|priroda/stavba rastlín|kvetné lôžko|r Blütenboden/ö|False|False
chinese|priroda/stavba rastlín|okvetie|e Blütenhülle/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/stavba rastlín|kališný lístok|s Kelchblatt/ä-er|False|False
chinese|priroda/stavba rastlín|korunný lupienok|s Kronblatt/ä-er|False|False
chinese|priroda/stavba rastlín|okvetný lístok|s Blütenblatt/ä-er|False|False
chinese|priroda/stavba rastlín|plod|e Frucht/ü-e|True|False
chinese|priroda/stavba rastlín|bobuľa|e Beere/n|True|False
chinese|priroda/stavba rastlín|kôstka|r Kern/e|True|False
chinese|priroda/stavba rastlín|šupka|e Schale/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/stavba rastlín|strapec|e Traube/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/stavba rastlín|struk|e Hülse/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/stavba rastlín|nažka|e Achäne/n|False|False
russkiy|pronoun|hlupák|дурак|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/countries|Francúzsko|Francia|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/countries|Nemecko|Alemania|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/countries|Španielsko|España|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/countries|Grécko|Grecia|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/countries|Anglicko|Inglaterra|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/countries|Škótsko|Escocia|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/countries|Írsko|Irlanda|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/countries|Poľsko|Polonia|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/countries|Rusko|Rusia|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/countries|Dánsko|Dinemarca|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/countries|Švédsko|Suecia|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/countries|Nórsko|Noruega|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/countries|Holandsko|Países Bajos|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/countries|Švajčiarsko|Suiza|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/countries|Rumunsko|Rumania|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/countries|Maďarsko|Hungría|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/countries|Chorvátsko|Croacia|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/countries|Egypt|Egipto|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/countries|Maroko|Marruecos|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/countries|Tunis|Túnez|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/countries|Alžírsko|Argelia|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/countries|Turecko|Turquía|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/countries|Čína|China|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/countries|Japonsko|Japón|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/countries|USA|Estados Unidos|False|False
espanol|taxonomy/countries|USA|EE.UU.|False|False
deutsch|abstract/space|kde|wo|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|odkiaľ|woher|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|kam|wohin|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|ta|da|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|tam|dahin + dorthin|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|tu (miesto)|hier|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|tam (miesto)|dort|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|niekde|irgendwo|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|nikde|nirgends + nirgendwo|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|všade|überall|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|vnútri|drinnen|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|vonku|draussen|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|ďalej|weiter|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|vľavo|links|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|vpravo|rechts|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|hore|oben + empor|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|dole|unten + nieder|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|na druhej strane|drüben|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|vzadu|hinten|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|kdekoľvek|wo auch immer|False|False
deutsch|abstract/space|z|aus|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|do|nach|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|pri|bei|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|od|von|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|ku|zu|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|oproti|gegenüber|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|blízko|nah + nahe|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|cez|durch|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|pozdĺž|entlang|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|v|in|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|na (horizontálne)|auf|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|na (vertikálne)|an|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|nad|über|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|pod|unter|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|pred|vor|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|za|hinter|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|medzi|zwischen|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|vedľa|neben + daneben|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|vnútri|innerhalb|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|mimo|ausserhalb|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|na druhej strane|jenseits|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|neďaleko|unweit|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|nad|oberhalb|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|pod|unterhalb|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|uprostred|inmitten|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|miesto|r Ort/e + e Stelle/n + r Platz/ä-e|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|pozícia|e Position/en|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|oblasť|e Gegend/en|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|oblasť|r Bereich/e|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|pravý|recht|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|ľavý|link|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|vzdialený|entfernt|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|vzdialenosť|e Entfernung/en|False|True
deutsch|abstract/space|blízkosť|e Nähe|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|blížiť sa|nähern sich|False|True
deutsch|abstract/space|ďaleký|weit|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|tunajší|hiesig|True|False
deutsch|abstract/space|klenúť sa|wölben sich|False|False
deutsch|abstract/space|týčiť sa|herausragen|False|False
deutsch|abstract/space|vyčnievať|ragen|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|plakať|llorar|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|slza|lágrima|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|plač|llanto|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|smiech|risa|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|svrbenie|escozor|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|svrbieť|escocer|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|chrápať|roncar|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|slina|saliva|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|sliniť|salivar|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|dýchať|respirar|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|dusiť sa|ahogarse|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|dych|aliento|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|dýchanie|respiración|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|nádych|inspiración|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|výdych|espiración|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|kašlať|toser|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|kašeľ|tos|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|zívať|bostezar|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|kýchnuť|estornudar|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|prehltnúť|tragar|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|piť|beber|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|smäd|sed|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|potiť sa|sudar|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|pot|sudor|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|sliz|moco|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|krvácať|sangrar|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|tráviť|digerir|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|žmurkať|pestañear|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|mrkať|parpadear|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|lízať|lamer|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|oblizovať|chupar|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|žuť|mascar|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|prežúvať|masticar|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|hrýzť|morder|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|prehltnúť|ingerir|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|čuch|olfato|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|hmat|tacto|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|sluch|oído|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|chuť|gusto|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|zrak|vista|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|slepý|ciego|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|hluchý|sordo|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|vidieť|ver|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|dívať sa|mirar|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|mrknúť sa|ojear|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|počuť|oír|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|počúvať|escuchar|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|preskúmať|escudriñar|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|vôňa|olor|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|smrad|hedor|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|zvuk|sonido|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|vŕzgať|rechinar|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|pískať|silbar|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|šušťať|crujir|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|klopať|golpetear|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|bzučať|zumbar|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|pískať|pitar|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|syčať|sisear|False|False
espanol|biology/physiology|šťuchanec lakťom|codazo|False|False
russkiy|life/feeling|prekvapenie|сюрпри́з|False|False
russkiy|life/feeling|prekvapiť|удиви́ть|False|False
russkiy|life/feeling|ohromiť|изуми́ть|False|False
russkiy|life/feeling|uraziť|оби́деть|False|False
russkiy|life/feeling|rozpačitý|смущённый|False|False
russkiy|life/feeling|hnev|гнев|False|False
russkiy|life/feeling|zlosť|злость|False|False
russkiy|life/feeling|strach|страх|False|False
russkiy|life/feeling|hrôza|у́жас|False|False
russkiy|life/feeling|obava|боя́знь|False|False
russkiy|life/feeling|radosť|ра́дость|False|False
russkiy|life/feeling|smútok|печа́ль|False|False
russkiy|life/feeling|smutný|печа́льный|False|True
russkiy|life/feeling|smútok|грусть|False|False
russkiy|life/feeling|smutný|гру́стный|False|True
russkiy|life/feeling|humor|ю́мор|False|False
espanol|culture/šport|šport|deporte|False|False
espanol|culture/šport|lopta|pelota|False|False
espanol|culture/šport|loptička|bola|False|False
espanol|culture/šport|činka|mancuerna|False|False
espanol|culture/šport|žinenka|colchoneta|False|False
deutsch|abstract/count|počet|e Zahl/en|True|False
deutsch|abstract/count|množstvo|e Menge/n|True|False
deutsch|abstract/count|koľko|wie viel|True|False
deutsch|abstract/count|hojný|reichlich|False|False
deutsch|abstract/count|veľa|viel|True|False
deutsch|abstract/count|málo|wenig|True|False
deutsch|abstract/count|viac|mehr|True|False
deutsch|abstract/count|menej|minder + weniger|True|False
deutsch|abstract/count|totálny|total|True|False
deutsch|abstract/count|absolútny|absolut|True|False
deutsch|abstract/count|polovičný|halb|True|False
deutsch|abstract/count|dvojnásobný|doppelt + zweifach|True|False
deutsch|abstract/count|jeden a pol|eineinhalb|False|False
deutsch|abstract/count|napoly|entzwei|False|False
deutsch|abstract/count|jeden|eins|True|False
deutsch|abstract/count|dva|zwei + zwo|True|False
deutsch|abstract/count|tri|drei|True|False
deutsch|abstract/count|štyri|vier|True|False
deutsch|abstract/count|päť|fünf|True|False
deutsch|abstract/count|šesť|sechs|True|False
deutsch|abstract/count|sedem|sieben|True|False
deutsch|abstract/count|osem|acht|True|False
deutsch|abstract/count|deväť|neun|True|False
deutsch|abstract/count|desať|zehn|True|False
deutsch|abstract/count|jedenásť|elf|True|False
deutsch|abstract/count|dvanásť|zwölf|True|False
deutsch|abstract/count|dvadsať|zwanzig|True|False
deutsch|abstract/count|polovica|e Hälfte/n|True|False
deutsch|abstract/count|tretina|s Drittel|False|False
deutsch|abstract/count|štvrtina|s Viertel|False|False
deutsch|abstract/count|tucet|s Dutzend/e|True|False
deutsch|abstract/count|sto|s Hundert/e|True|False
deutsch|abstract/count|tisíc|s Tausend/e|True|False
deutsch|abstract/count|milión|e Million/en|False|False
deutsch|abstract/count|miliarda|e Milliarde/n|False|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|tvar|e Form/en|True|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|strana|e Seite/n|True|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|uhol|r Winkel|True|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|hrana|e Kante/n|False|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|okraj|r Saum/ä-e|False|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|kraj|r Rand/ä-er|False|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|sklon|e Neigung/en|False|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|diera|s Loch/ö-er|True|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|trhlina|s Leck/s|False|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|štrbina|r Schlitz/e + r Spalt/e|False|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|preliačina|e Delle/n|False|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|šikmý|schräg + schief|False|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|rovný|eben|True|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|rovný|gerade|False|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|priamy|direkt|True|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|krivý|krumm|False|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|strmý|steil + schroff|False|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|okrúhly|rund|True|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|hranatý|eckig|True|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|plochý|platt|False|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|oblý|rundlich|False|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|dutý|hohl|False|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|čiara|e Linie/n + r Strich/e|True|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|krivka|e Kurve|False|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|špirála|e Spirale/n|False|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|oblúk|r Bogen|False|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|hák|r Haken|True|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|tyč|e Stange/n|True|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|roh|e Ecke/n|True|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|koleso|s Rad/ä-er|True|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|plachta|e Plane/n|True|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|doska|s Brett/er|True|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|sieť|s Netz/e|True|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|páska|s Band/ä-er|False|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|cíp|r Zipfel|False|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|kríž|s Kreuz/e|True|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|kruh|r Ring/e|True|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|kruh|r Kreis/e|True|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|štvorec|s Quadrat/e(n)|True|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|obdĺžnik|s Rechteck/e|True|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|lichobežník|s Trapez/e|False|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|kosoštvorec|r Rhombus/Rhomben + e Raute/n|False|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|elipsa|e Ellipse/n|False|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|ovál|s Oval/e|False|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|kvapka|r Tropfen|True|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|hrot|e Spitze/n|True|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|guľa|e Kugel/n|True|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|kocka|r Würfel|True|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|kužeľ|r Kegel|True|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|kotúč|e Rolle/n|True|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|rúra|s Rohr/e|False|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|kváder|r Quader|False|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|ihlan|e Pyramide/n|False|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|valec|r Zylinder|False|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|pútko|e Öse/n|False|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|očko|e Masche/n|False|False
deutsch|abstract/shape|deravý|leck + löcherig|False|False
deutsch|human/love|láska|e Liebe|True|False
deutsch|human/love|ľúbiť|lieben|False|True
deutsch|human/love|zaľúbiť sa|verlieben sich|False|True
deutsch|human/love|miláčik|r Liebling/e|False|True
deutsch|human/love|nenávisť|r Hass|True|False
deutsch|human/love|nenávidieť|hassen|False|True
deutsch|human/love|túžba|e Gier|True|False
deutsch|human/love|žiadostivosť|e Begierde/n|False|True
deutsch|human/love|žiadostivý|gierig (auf)|False|True
deutsch|human/love|žiadostivý|begierig|False|True
deutsch|human/love|zbožňovať|anhimmeln|False|False
deutsch|human/love|zbaliť|aufgabeln|False|False
deutsch|human/love|zaľúbiť sa|verknallen sich|False|False
deutsch|human/love|buchnúť sa (zaľúbiť sa)|verschiessen/verschoss/verschossen sich|False|False
deutsch|human/love|zviesť|verführen|False|False
deutsch|human/love|zúrivosť|e Wut|True|False
deutsch|human/love|zúriť|wüten|False|True
deutsch|human/love|zúrivý|wütend|False|True
deutsch|human/love|hnev|r Ärger|True|False
deutsch|human/love|pohoršenie|s Ärgernis|False|True
deutsch|human/love|hnevať sa|ärgern sich|False|True
deutsch|human/love|rozhnevať|verärgern|False|True
deutsch|human/love|nahnevaný|verärgert|False|True
deutsch|human/love|zlosť|r Zorn|True|False
deutsch|human/love|nazlostený|zornig|False|True
deutsch|human/love|frustrácia|r Frust|False|False
deutsch|human/love|rozhorčiť sa|empören sich + entrüsten sich|True|False
deutsch|human/love|rozhorčenie|e Empörung + e Entrüstung|False|True
deutsch|human/love|dráždenie|r Reiz|False|False
deutsch|human/love|podráždiť|reizen|False|True
deutsch|human/love|podráždenie|e Reizung|False|True
deutsch|human/love|podráždený|gereizt|False|True
deutsch|human/love|podráždenosť|e Gereiztheit|False|True
deutsch|human/love|nahnevať (sa)|(sich) erbosen + (sich) erzürnen|False|False
deutsch|human/love|naštvať (sa)|fuchsen (sich)|False|False
deutsch|human/love|zatrpknutý|bitter|False|False
deutsch|human/love|strpčiť|verbittern|False|True
deutsch|human/love|rozhorčiť|erbittern|False|True
deutsch|human/love|rozhorčenie|e Erbitterung|False|True
deutsch|human/love|vyhrážať sa|drohen|False|False
deutsch|human/love|vyhrážať sa|androhen|False|True
deutsch|human/love|vyhrážka|e Drohung|False|True
deutsch|human/love|durdiť sa|schmollen|False|False
deutsch|human/love|hádka|r Streit/e|True|False
deutsch|human/love|hádať sa|streiten/stritt/gestritten|False|True
deutsch|human/love|zvada|r Zank|False|False
deutsch|human/love|škriepiť sa|zanken sich|False|True
deutsch|human/love|hašterivý|zänkisch|False|True
deutsch|human/love|spor|e Fehde/n|False|False
deutsch|human/love|súcit|s Mitleid + s Mitgefühl|False|False
deutsch|human/love|súcitný|mitleidig + mitfühlend|False|True
deutsch|human/love|súcitiť|mitleiden/litt/mitgelitten|False|True
deutsch|human/love|rozčúliť|erregen + aufregen|True|False
deutsch|human/love|rozčúlený|erregt|False|True
deutsch|human/love|rozčuľujúci|aufregend|False|True
deutsch|human/love|rozčúlenie|e Erregung + e Aufregung|False|True
deutsch|human/love|rozčúliť sa|aufregen sich|False|True
deutsch|human/love|besnieť|toben|True|False
deutsch|human/love|besnenie|e Tobsucht|False|True
deutsch|human/love|besný|tobsüchtig|False|True
deutsch|human/love|rozčúliť|aufbringen/brachte/aufgebracht|False|False
deutsch|human/love|rozčuľovať|nerven|False|False
deutsch|human/love|dobiedzať|necken|False|False
deutsch|human/love|odpustiť|verzeihen/verzieh/verziehen|True|False
deutsch|human/love|odpustenie|e Verzeihung|False|True
deutsch|human/love|nadávať|fluchen|True|False
deutsch|human/love|hrešiť|schimpfen (auf/mit)|True|False
deutsch|human/love|hrešiť|schelten|False|False
deutsch|human/love|uraziť|beleidigen|False|False
deutsch|human/love|urážka|e Beleidigung/en|False|True
deutsch|human/love|urážať|schmähen|False|False
deutsch|human/love|urážanie|e Schmähung/en|False|True
deutsch|human/love|potupiť|verunglimpfen|False|False
deutsch|human/love|ohovárať|verleumden|False|False
deutsch|human/love|nápadník|r Bewerber|False|False
espanol|economy/buildings|budova|edificio|False|False
espanol|economy/buildings|pozemok|terreno|False|False
espanol|economy/buildings|lešenie|andamio|False|False
espanol|economy/buildings|izba|cuarto|False|False
espanol|economy/buildings|stena|pared|False|False
espanol|economy/buildings|strecha|techo|False|False
espanol|economy/buildings|okno|ventana|False|False
espanol|economy/buildings|dvere|puerta|False|False
espanol|economy/buildings|trosky|escombro|False|False
espanol|economy/buildings|tehla|ladrillo|False|False
espanol|economy/buildings|stavať|construir|False|False
russkiy|economy/consumer|puzdro|футля́р|False|False
russkiy|economy/consumer|obal|та́ра|False|False
russkiy|economy/consumer|škatuľa|коро́бка|False|False
russkiy|economy/consumer|mop|шва́бра|False|False
russkiy|economy/consumer|sprchovacia hubka|моча́лка|False|False
russkiy|economy/consumer|dáždnik|зо́нтик|False|False
russkiy|economy/consumer|hodinky|часы́|False|False
russkiy|economy/consumer|práčka|стира́льная маши́на|False|False
russkiy|economy/consumer|žehlička|утю́г|False|False
russkiy|economy/consumer|vysávač|пылесо́с|False|False
russkiy|economy/consumer|televízor|телеви́зор|False|False
russkiy|economy/consumer|obrazovka|экра́н|False|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|ihličnatý strom|针叶树 [zhēnyèshù]|False|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|listnatý strom|阔叶树 [kuòyèshù]|False|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|ginko|r Ginkgo/s / r Ginko/s|False|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|borovica|松树 [sōngshù]|True|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|jedľa|冷杉 [lěngshān]|True|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|smrek|云杉 [yúnshān]|True|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|smrekovec|e Lärche/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|céder|e Zeder/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|sekvoja|r Mammutbaum/ä-e|False|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|cyprus|e Zypresse/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|tuja|r Lebensbaum/ä-e / e Thuja/Thujen|False|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|borievka|刺柏 [cìbǎi]|False|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|tis|紫杉 [zǐshān]|False|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|palma|e Palme/n|True|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|datľovník|e Dattelpalme/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|magnólia|e Magnolie/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|ľaliovník|r Tulpenbaum/ä-e|False|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|vavrín|r Lorbeer/en|False|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|platan|e Platane/n|True|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|krušpán|r Buchs/e|False|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|vŕba|柳树 [liǔshù]|True|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|topoľ|杨树 [yángshù]|True|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|agát|e Robinie/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|štedrec|r Goldregen|False|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|sofora|r Schnurbaum/ä-e|False|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|albízia|r Seidenbaum/ä-e|False|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|gledíčia|e Gle­dit­schie/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|brest|e Ulme/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|hloh|r Weissdorn/e|False|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|jarabina|e Eberesche/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|figovník|e Feige/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|moruša|e Maulbeere/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|chmeľ|r Hopfen|False|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|mišpuľa|e Mispel/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|muchovník|e Felsenbirne/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|buk|e Buche/n|True|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|dub|橡树 [xiàngshù]|True|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|gaštan|e Kastanie/n|True|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|orech|e Wal­nuss/ü-e / r Nuss­baum/ä-e|True|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|hikória|r Hickory|False|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|breza|e Birke/n|True|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|jelša|e Erle/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|lieska|e Hasel/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|hrab|e Hainbuche/n / e Hagebuche/n / e Weissbuche/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|lipa|椴树 [duànshù]|True|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|javor|枫树 [fēngshù]|True|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|pagaštan|e Rosskastanie/n|False|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|pajaseň|r Götterbaum/ä-e|False|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|jaseň|e Esche/n|True|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|orgován|r Flieder|False|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|oliva|r Olivenbaum/ä-e / r Ölbaum/ä-e|False|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|vtáčí zob|r Liguster|False|False
chinese|priroda/stromy|baza|r Holunder|False|False
deutsch|nature/mass|plný|voll|True|False
deutsch|nature/mass|prázdny|leer|True|False
deutsch|nature/mass|vyprázdniť|leeren|False|True
deutsch|nature/mass|tvrdý|hart|False|False
deutsch|nature/mass|tvrdosť|e Härte|False|True
deutsch|nature/mass|mäkký|weich|False|False
deutsch|nature/mass|mäkkosť|e Weichheit|False|True
deutsch|nature/mass|krehký|spröde|False|False
deutsch|nature/mass|krehkosť|e Sprödigkeit|False|True
deutsch|nature/mass|plastický|plastisch|False|False
deutsch|nature/mass|plasticita|e Plastizität|False|True
deutsch|nature/mass|ťažný|duktil|False|False
deutsch|nature/mass|ťažnosť|e Duktilität|False|True
deutsch|nature/mass|kujný|schmiedbar|False|False
deutsch|nature/mass|kujnosť|e Schmiedbarkeit|False|True
deutsch|nature/mass|ohybný|schmiegsam|False|False
deutsch|nature/mass|pružný|elastisch|False|False
deutsch|nature/mass|pružnosť|e Elastizität|False|False
deutsch|nature/mass|tuhý|steif|False|False
deutsch|nature/mass|tuhosť|e Steifigkeit + e Steifheit|False|True
deutsch|nature/mass|poddajný|flexibel|False|False
deutsch|nature/mass|poddajnosť|e Flexibilität|False|True
deutsch|nature/mass|pevný|fest|False|False
deutsch|nature/mass|pevnosť|e Festigkeit|False|True
deutsch|nature/mass|húževnatý|zäh + zähe|False|False
deutsch|nature/mass|húževnatosť|e Zähigkeit|False|True
deutsch|nature/mass|hustý|dicht|False|False
deutsch|nature/mass|hustota|e Dichte|False|True
deutsch|nature/mass|hmotnosť|s Gewicht|False|False
deutsch|nature/mass|objem|s Volumen|False|False
deutsch|nature/mass|ostrý|scharf|True|False
deutsch|nature/mass|tupý|stumpf|True|False
deutsch|nature/mass|drsný|grob + derb + rau|False|False
deutsch|nature/mass|hladký|fein|False|False
deutsch|nature/mass|hrboľatý|holprig|False|False
deutsch|nature/mass|jemnosť|e Feinheit|False|False
deutsch|nature/mass|vlhký|feucht|False|False
deutsch|nature/mass|suchý|trocken|False|False
deutsch|nature/mass|suchý|dürr|False|False
deutsch|nature/mass|mokrý|nass|False|False
deutsch|nature/mass|slizký|glitschig|True|False
deutsch|nature/mass|ťažký|schwer|True|False
deutsch|nature/mass|ťažisko|r Schwerpunkt/e|False|True
deutsch|nature/mass|ľahký|leicht|True|False
deutsch|nature/mass|pružný|geschmeidig|False|False
deutsch|nature/mass|drobivý|mürbe|False|False
deutsch|nature/mass|vážiť|wiegen/wog/gewogen|False|False
deutsch|nature/mass|odvážiť|abwiegen/wog/abgewogen + auswiegen/wog/ausgewogen|False|True
deutsch|nature/mass|vyvážiť|aufwiegen/wog/aufgewogen|False|True
deutsch|nature/mass|merať|messen/misst/mass/gemessen|False|False
deutsch|nature/mass|odmerať|abmessen/misst/mass/abgemessen|False|True
deutsch|nature/mass|zmerať|vermessen/vermisst/vermass/vermessen|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/hry|hra|s Spiel/e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/hry|hrať (sa)|spielen|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/hry|hráč|r Spieler|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/hry|súťaž|r Wettbewerb/e|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/hry|pohrávať sa|tändeln|False|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/hry|vyhrať|gewinnen/gewann/gewonnen|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/hry|prehrať|verlieren/verlor/verloren|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/hry|stávka|e Wette/n|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/hry|staviť sa|wetten|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/hry|hádať|raten/rät/riet/geraten|True|False
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/hry|uhádnuť|erraten/errät/erriet/erraten|False|True
deutsch|deutsch/kultúra/hry|víťazstvo|r Sieg/e|True|False
chinese|economy/education|škola|学校 [xuéxiào]|False|False
chinese|economy/education|univerzita|大学 [dàxué]|False|False
chinese|economy/education|veda|科学 [kēxué]|False|False
chinese|economy/education|vedec|学家 [xuéjiā]|False|False
chinese|economy/education|študent|学生 [xuésheng]|False|False
chinese|economy/education|študovať|学习 [xuéxí]|False|False
chinese|economy/education|filozofia|哲学 [zhéxué]|False|False
chinese|economy/education|trieda|班 [bān]|False|False
chinese|economy/education|učiteľ|老师 [lǎoshī]|False|False
chinese|economy/education|učiť|教 [jiào]|False|False
chinese|economy/education|vzdelanie|教育 [jiàoyù]|False|False
chinese|economy/education|skúška|考试 [kǎoshì]|False|False
chinese|economy/education|pokus|试验 [shìyàn]|False|False
chinese|economy/education|experiment|实验 [shíyàn]|False|False
chinese|economy/education|lekcia|课 [kè]|False|False
chinese|economy/education|vynájsť|发明 [fāmíng]|False|False
chinese|economy/education|objaviť|发现 [fāxiàn]|False|False
chinese|economy/education|vyvíjať|发展 [fāzhǎn]|False|False
chinese|economy/education|pokrok|进步 [jìnbù]|False|False
chinese|economy/education|technológia|技术 [jìshù]|False|False
chinese|economy/education|dedukcia|演绎 [yǎnyì]|False|False
chinese|economy/education|logika|逻辑 [luóji]|False|False
chinese|economy/education|teória|理论 [lǐlùn]|False|False
deutsch|life/physiology|dýchať|atmen|False|False
deutsch|life/physiology|vydýchnuť|ausatmen|False|True
deutsch|life/physiology|nadýchnuť|einatmen|False|True
deutsch|life/physiology|dychčať|hecheln|False|False
deutsch|life/physiology|plakať|weinen|False|False
deutsch|life/physiology|vyplakať sa|ausweinen sich|False|True
deutsch|life/physiology|potiť sa|schwitzen|False|False
deutsch|life/physiology|spotiť|verschwitzen|False|True
deutsch|life/physiology|vypotiť|ausschwitzen|False|True
deutsch|life/physiology|sliniť|speicheln + geifern|False|False
deutsch|life/physiology|tráviť|verdauen|False|False
deutsch|life/physiology|pot|r Schweiss|False|False
deutsch|life/physiology|dych|r Atem|False|False
deutsch|life/physiology|slza|e Träne/n|False|False
deutsch|life/physiology|slina|r Speichel + r Geifer|False|False
chinese|culture/law|spravodlivosť|正义 [zhèngyì]|False|False
chinese|culture/law|zákon|法律 [fǎlǜ]|False|False
chinese|culture/law|advokát|律师 [lǜshī]|False|False
chinese|culture/law|súd|法庭 [fǎtíng]|False|False
chinese|culture/law|sudca|法官 [fǎguān]|False|False
chinese|culture/law|ústava|宪法 [xiànfǎ]|False|False
chinese|culture/law|obviniť|控告 [kònggào]|False|False
chinese|culture/law|súdiť|审判 [shěnpàn]|False|False
chinese|culture/law|rozsudok|判决 [pànjué]|False|False
chinese|culture/law|polícia|警察 [jǐngchá]|False|False
chinese|culture/law|odsúdiť|判刑 [pànxíng]|False|False
chinese|culture/law|väzenie|监狱 [jiānyù]|False|False
chinese|culture/law|väzeň|囚犯 [qiúfàn]|False|False
chinese|culture/law|zločin|罪行 [zuìxíng]|False|False
chinese|culture/law|kriminálny|犯罪 [fànzuì]|False|False
chinese|culture/law|vrah|杀手 [shāshǒu]|False|False
chinese|culture/law|zavraždiť|杀 [shā]|False|False
chinese|culture/law|zlodej|窃贼 [qièzéi]|False|False
chinese|culture/law|kradnúť|偷 [tōu]|False|False
chinese|culture/law|lupič|强盗 [qiángdào]|False|False
chinese|culture/law|pirát|海盗 [hǎidào]|False|False
chinese|culture/law|znásilniť|强奸 [qiángjiān]|False|False
chinese|culture/law|uniesť|绑架 [bǎngjià]|False|False
chinese|culture/law|podplatiť|贿赂 [huìlù]|False|False
